1. Cum  ipsi  (majores  homines)  appellabant  rem  aliquam,  et  cum secundum  eam  vocem  corpus  ad  aliquid  movebant,  videbam,  et tenebam hoc ab eis vocari rem illam, quod sonabant, cum eam vellent ostendere.  Hoc  autem  eos  velle  ex  motu  corporis  aperiebatur: tamquam verbis naturalibus omnium gentium, quae ﬁunt vultu et nutu oculorum,  ceterorumque  membrorum  actu,  et  sonitu  vocis  indicante  affectionem animi in petendis, habendis, rejiciendis, fugiendisve rebus. Ita verba in variis sententiis locis suis posita, et crebro audita, quarum rerum  signa  essent,  paulatim  colligebam,  measque  jam  voluntates, edomito  in  eis  signis  ore,  per  haec  enuntiabam.  (Augustine,  Confessions, I. 8.)  When  grown-ups  named  some  object  and  at  the  same  time  turned towards it, I perceived this, and I grasped that the thing was signiﬁed by the sound they uttered, since they meant to point it out. This, however, I gathered from their gestures, the natural language of all peoples, the language that by means of facial expression and the play of eyes, of the movements of the limbs and the tone of voice, indicates the affections of the soul when it desires, or clings to, or rejects, or recoils from, something. In this way, little by little, I learnt to understand what things the  words,  which  I  heard  uttered  in  their  respective  places  in  various sentences,  signiﬁed.  And  once  I  got  my  tongue  around  these  signs,  I used them to express my wishes.  These words, it seems to me, give us a particular picture of the essence of  human  language.  It  is  this:  the  words  in  language  name  objects  a sentences  are  combinations  of  such  names.  —–  In  this  picture  of  language we ﬁnd the roots of the following idea: Every word has a meaning. This meaning is correlated with the word. It is the object for which the word stands.  Augustine does not mention any difference between kinds of word. Someone  who  describes  the  learning  of  language  in  this  way  is,  I believe, thinking primarily of nouns like “table”, “chair”, “bread”, and of people’s names, and only secondarily of the names of certain actions and properties; and of the remaining kinds of word as something that will take care of itself.  Now think of the following use of language: I send someone shopping. I give him a slip of paper marked “ﬁve red apples”. He takes the slip to |3| the shopkeeper, who opens the drawer marked “apples”; then    he looks up the word “red” in a chart and ﬁnds a colour sample next to it; then he says the series of elementary number-words a I assume that  he  knows  them  by  heart  a up  to  the  word  “ﬁve”,  and  for  each number-word he takes an apple of the same colour as the sample out of the drawer. —– It is in this and similar ways that one operates with words. —– “But how does he know where and how he is to look up the word ‘red’ and what he is to do with the word ‘ﬁve’?” —– Well, I assume that he acts as I have described. Explanations come to an end somewhere. a But what is the meaning of the word “ﬁve”? a No such thing was in question here, only how the word “ﬁve” is used. 
2. That philosophical notion of meaning is at home in a primitive idea of the way language functions. But one might instead say that it is the idea of a language more primitive than ours.  Let  us  imagine  a  language  for  which  the  description  given  by Augustine  is  right:  the  language  is  meant  to  serve  for  communication between a builder A and an assistant B. A is building with building stones: there are blocks, pillars, slabs and beams. B has to pass him the stones and to do so in the order in which A needs them. For this purpose they make use of a language consisting of the words “block”, “pillar”, “slab”, “beam”.  A  calls  them  out;  B  brings  the  stone  which  he  has  learnt  to bring at such-and-such a call. —– Conceive of this as a complete primitive language. 
3. Augustine, we might say, does describe a system of communication; only not everything that we call language is this system. And one has to say this in several cases where the question arises “Will that description do or not?” The answer is: “Yes, it will, but only for this narrowly circumscribed area, not for the whole of what you were purporting to describe.”  It is as if someone were to say, “Playing a game consists in moving objects  about  on  a  surface  according  to  certain  rules . . .”  a and  we replied: You seem to be thinking of board-games, but they are not all the games there are. You can rectify your explanation by expressly restricting it to those games. 
4. Imagine a script in which letters were used for sounds, but also for signs of emphasis and punctuation. (A script can be conceived as a language for describing sound-patterns.) Now imagine someone construing  that  script  as  if  there  were  just  a  |4| correspondence  of  letters  to    sounds and as if the letters did not also have completely different functions.  Augustine’s  conception  of  language  is  like  such  an  over-simple conception of the script. 
5. If  one  looks  at  the  example  in  §1,  one  can  perhaps  get  an  idea  of how much the general concept of the meaning of a word surrounds the working of language with a haze which makes clear vision impossible. a It disperses the fog if we study the phenomena of language in primitive kinds of use in which one can clearly survey the purpose and functioning of the words.  A child uses such primitive forms of language when he learns to talk.  Here the teaching of language is not explaining, but training. 
6. We could imagine that the language of §2 was the whole language of A and B, even the whole language of a tribe. The children are brought up to perform these actions, to use these words as they do so, and to react in this way to the words of others.  An important part of the training will consist in the teacher’s pointing  to  the  objects,  directing  the  child’s  attention  to  them,  and  at  the same time uttering a word; for instance, the word “slab” as he displays that  shape.  (I  do  not  want  to  call  this  “ostensive  explanation”  or “deﬁnition”, because the child cannot as yet ask what the name is. I’ll call it “ostensive teaching of words”. —– I say that it will form an important part of the training, because it is so with human beings; not because it could not be imagined otherwise.) This ostensive teaching of words can  be  said  to  establish  an  associative  connection  between  word  and thing. But what does this mean? Well, it may mean various things; but one very likely thinks ﬁrst of all that a picture of the object comes before the child’s mind when it hears the word. But now, if this does happen a is  it  the  purpose  of  the  word?  a Yes,  it  may be  the  purpose.  a I  can imagine such a use of words (of sequences of sounds). (Uttering a word  is  like  striking  a  note  on  the  keyboard  of  the  imagination.)  But in the language of §2 it is not the purpose of the words to evoke images. (It may, of course, be discovered that it helps to attain the actual purpose.)  But if this is the effect of the ostensive teaching, am I to say that it effects  an  understanding  of  the  word?  Doesn’t  someone  who  acts  on the call “Slab!” in such-and-such a way understand it? a No doubt it    was  the  ostensive  teaching  that  helped  to  bring  this  about;  but  only together with a particular |5| kind of instruction. With different instruction the same ostensive teaching of these words would have effected a quite different understanding.  “I  set  the  brake  up  by  connecting  up  rod  and  lever.”  a Yes,  given the whole of the rest of the mechanism. Only in conjunction with that is it a brake-lever, and separated from its support it is not even a lever; it may be anything, or nothing. 
7. In the practice of the use of language (2) one party calls out the words, the other acts on them. However, in instruction in the language the following process will occur: the learner names the objects; that is, he utters the word when the teacher points at the stone. a Indeed, there will be an even simpler exercise: the pupil repeats the words after the teacher —– both of these being speech-like processes.  We can also think of the whole process of using words in (2) as one of those games by means of which children learn their native language. I will call these games “language-games” and will sometimes speak of a primitive language as a language-game.  And the processes of naming the stones and of repeating words after someone might also be called language-games. Think of certain uses that are made of words in games like ring-a-ring-a-roses.  I  shall  also  call  the  whole,  consisting  of  language  and  the  activities  into which it is woven, a “language-game”. 
8. Let us now look at an expansion of language (2). Besides the four words “block”, “pillar”, etc., let it contain a sequence of words used as the shopkeeper in (1) uses number-words (it may be the series of letters  of  the  alphabet);  further,  let  it  contain  two  words  which  may  as well  be  “there”  and  “this”  (because  that  roughly  indicates  their  purpose), which are used in connection with a pointing gesture; and ﬁnally a number of colour samples. A gives an order like “d–slab–there”. At the  same  time  he  shows  the  assistant  a  colour  sample,  and  when  he utters the word “there” he points to a place on the building site. From the stock of slabs, B takes one for each letter of the alphabet up to “d”, of the same colour as the sample, and brings them to the place A indicates. a On other occasions A gives the order “this-there”. At “this” he points at a building stone. And so on.   
9. When  a  child  learns  this  language,  he  has  to  learn  the  series  of  number-words  a,  b,  c, . . . by  heart.  And  he  has  to  learn  their  use.  a Will  this  training  include  ostensive  teaching  of  the  words?  a Well,  people |6| will, for example, point to slabs and count: “a, b, c slabs”. a Something  more  like  the  ostensive  teaching  of  the  words  “block”, “pillar”, etc. would be the ostensive teaching of number-words that serve not  to  count  but  to  signify  groups  of  objects  that  can  be  taken  in  at  a  glance.  Children  do  learn  the  use  of  the  ﬁrst  ﬁve  or  six  elementary number-words in this way.  Are “there” and “this” also taught ostensively? a Imagine how one might perhaps teach their use. One will point at places and things, but in  this  case  the  pointing  occurs  in  the  use  of  the  words  too  and  not merely in learning the use. a 
10. Now what do the words of this language signify? a How is what they  signify  supposed  to  come  out  other  than  in  the  kind  of  use  they have?  And  we  have  already  described  that.  So  the  expression  “This  word signiﬁes that” would have to become a part of our description. In  other  words,  the  description  ought  to  take  the  form:  “The  word . . . signiﬁes . . .”  Well, one can abbreviate the description of the use of the word “slab” by saying that this word signiﬁes this object. This will be done if, for example, it is merely a matter of removing the misunderstanding that the  word  “slab”  refers  to  the  building  stone  that  we  in  fact  call “block” a but the kind of ‘referring’ this is, that is to say, the rest of the use of these words, is already known.  Equally  one  may  say  that  the  signs  “a”,  “b”,  etc.  signify  numbers: when,  for  example,  this  removes  the  misunderstanding  that  “a”,  “b”,  “c”  play  the  part  actually  played  in  the  language  by  “block”,  “slab”, “pillar”. And one may also say that “c” signiﬁes this number and not that one; if, for example, this serves to explain that the letters are  to  be  used  in  the  order  a,  b,  c,  d,  etc.,  and  not  in  the  order  a,  b, d, c.  But making the descriptions of the uses of these words similar in this way cannot make the uses themselves any more like one another! For, as we see, they are absolutely unlike. 
11. Think of the tools in a toolbox: there is a hammer, pliers, a saw, a screwdriver, a rule, a glue-pot, glue, nails and screws. a The functions of words are as diverse as the functions of these objects. (And in both cases there are similarities.)      Of course, what confuses us is the uniform appearance of words when we hear them in speech, or see them written or in print. For their use is not that obvious. Especially when we are doing philosophy! |7| 
12. It is like looking into the cabin of a locomotive. There are handles there,  all  looking  more  or  less  alike.  (This  stands  to  reason,  since  they  are  all  supposed  to  be  handled.)  But  one  is  the  handle  of  a  crank,  which  can  be  moved  continuously  (it  regulates  the  opening  of  a valve); another is the handle of a switch, which has only two operative  positions:  it  is  either  off  or  on;  a  third  is  the  handle  of  a  brakelever,  the  harder  one  pulls  on  it,  the  harder  the  braking;  a  fourth,  the  handle  of  a  pump:  it  has  an  effect  only  so  long  as  it  is  moved  to and fro. 
13. If we say, “Every word in the language signiﬁes something”, we have so  far  said  nothing whatever;  unless  we  explain  exactly  what distinction we wish to make. (It might be, of course, that we wanted to distinguish  the  words  of  language  (8)  from  words  ‘without  meaning’ such as occur in Lewis Carroll’s poems, or words like “Tra-la-la” in a song.) 
14. Suppose  someone  said,  “All tools  serve  to  modify  something.  So, a hammer modiﬁes the position of a nail, a saw the shape of a board, and  so  on.”  a And  what  is  modiﬁed  by  a  rule,  a  glue-pot  and  nails? a “Our knowledge of a thing’s length, the temperature of the glue, and the solidity of a box.” —– Would anything be gained by this assimilation of expressions? a 
15. The word “signify” is perhaps most straightforwardly applied when the name is actually a mark on the object signiﬁed. Suppose that the tools A uses in building bear certain marks. When A shows his assistant such a mark, the assistant brings the tool that has that mark on it.  In this way, and in more or less similar ways, a name signiﬁes a thing, and is given to a thing. a When philosophizing, it will often prove useful to say to ourselves: naming something is rather like attaching a name tag to a thing. 
16. What  about  the  colour  samples  that  A  shows  to  B:  are  they  part of  the language?  Well,  it  is  as  you  please.  They  do  not  belong  to     spoken language; yet when I say to someone, “Pronounce the word ‘the’ ”, you will also count the second “ ‘the’ ” as part of the sentence. Yet it has a role just like that of a colour sample in language-game (8); that is, it is a sample of what the other is meant to say.  It is most natural, and causes least confusion, if we count the sam ples as tools of the language.  ( (Remark on the reﬂexive pronoun “this proposition”.) ) |8|   
17. We  could  say:  In  language  (8)  we  have  different  kinds of  word.  For the functions of the word “slab” and the word “block” are more alike  than  those  of  “slab”  and  “d”.  But  how  we  group  words  into  kinds  will  depend  on  the  aim  of  the  classiﬁcation  a and  on  our  own inclination.  Think  of  the  different  points  of  view  according  to  which  one  can  classify  tools  into  kinds  of  tools.  Or  chess  pieces  into  kinds  of  chess pieces. 
18. Don’t  let  it  bother  you  that  languages  (2)  and  (8)  consist  only  of orders. If you want to say that they are therefore incomplete, ask yourself whether our own language is complete a whether it was so before the  symbolism  of  chemistry  and  the  notation  of  the  inﬁnitesimal  calculus were incorporated in to it; for these are, so to speak, suburbs of our language. (And how many houses or streets does it take before a town  begins  to  be  a  town?)  Our  language  can  be  regarded  as  an ancient city: a maze of little streets and squares, of old and new houses, of  houses  with  extensions  from  various  periods,  and  all  this  surrounded  by  a  multitude  of  new  suburbs  with  straight  and  regular streets and uniform houses.   
19. It is easy to imagine a language consisting only of orders and reports in battle. a Or a language consisting only of questions and expressions for  answering  Yes  and  No  a and  countless  other  things.  —–  And  to imagine a language means to imagine a form of life.  But what about this: is the call “Slab!” in example (2) a sentence or a word? a If a word, surely it has not the same meaning as the likesounding word of our ordinary language, for in §2 it is a call. But if a sentence, it is surely not the elliptical sentence “Slab!” of our language. —– As far as the ﬁrst question goes, you can call “Slab!” a word and also a sentence; perhaps it could aptly be called a ‘degenerate sentence’ (as  one  speaks  of  a  degenerate  hyperbola);  in  fact  it  is  our  ‘elliptical’    sentence.  a But  that  is  surely  only  a  shortened  form  of  the  sentence “Bring me a slab”, and there is no such sentence in example (2). a But why shouldn’t I conversely have called the sentence “Bring me a slab” a lengthening of the sentence “Slab!”? a Because anyone who calls out “Slab!”  really  means  “Bring  me  a  slab”.  a But  how  do  you  do  this: how do you mean that while saying “Slab!”? Do you say the unshortened sentence to yourself? And why should I translate the call “Slab!” into a different expression in order to say |9| what someone means by it?  And  if  they  mean  the  same  thing,  why  shouldn’t  I  say,  “When  he says  ‘Slab!’  he  means  ‘Slab!’ ”?  Again,  why  shouldn’t  you  be  able  to mean “Slab!”, if you can mean “Bring me the slab!”? —– But when I call out “Slab!”, then what I want is that he should bring me a slab! —– Certainly, but does ‘wanting this’ consist in thinking in some form or other a different sentence from the one you utter? a   
20. But now it looks as if when someone says “Bring me a  slab”,  he could mean this expression as one long word corresponding indeed to the  single  word  “Slab!”  —–  Then  can  one  mean  it  sometimes  as  one word,  and  sometimes  as  four?  And  how  does  one  usually  mean  it?  —–  I  think  we’ll  be  inclined  to  say:  we  mean  the  sentence  as  one  consisting of four words when we use it in contrast to other sentences such as “Hand me a slab”, “Bring him a slab”, “Bring two slabs”, etc.; that  is,  in  contrast  with  sentences  containing  the  words  of  our  command in other combinations. —– But what does using one sentence in contrast to others consist in? Does one have the others in mind at the same time? All of them? And while one is saying the one sentence, or before, or afterwards? a No! Even if such an explanation rather tempts us, we need only think for a moment of what actually happens in order to  see  that  we  are  on  the  wrong  track  here.  We  say  that  we  use  the command in contrast with other sentences because our language contains the possibility of those other sentences. Someone who did not understand  our  language,  a  foreigner,  who  had  fairly  often  heard  someone giving the order “Bring me a slab!”, might believe that this whole sequence of  sounds  was  one  word  corresponding  perhaps  to  the  word  for “building stone” in his language. If he himself had then given this order, perhaps he would have pronounced it differently, and we’d say: he pronounces  it  so  oddly  because  he  takes  it  for  a  single  word.  —–  But  then is there not also something different going on in him when he pronounces it a something corresponding to the fact that he conceives the sentence as a single word? —– The same thing may go on in him, or    something  different.  What  goes  on  in  you  when  you  give  such  an  order? Are you conscious of its consisting of four words while you are uttering it? Of course you know this language a which contains those other sentences as well a but is this knowing something that ‘happens’  while  you  are  uttering  the  sentence?  a And  I  have  conceded  that  the foreigner, who conceives the sentence differently, will probably also pronounce  it  differently;  but  what  we  call  his  wrong  conception  does  not  have to  lie  in  anything  that  accompanies  the  utterance  of  the  command. |10|  The sentence is ‘elliptical’, not because it leaves out something that we mean when we utter it, but because it is shortened a in comparison with a particular paradigm of our grammar. a Of course someone might object here: “You grant that the shortened and the unshortened sentence have the same sense. a What is this sense, then? Isn’t there a verbal expression for this sense?” —– But doesn’t their having the same sense consist in their having the same use? a (In Russian one says “Stone red” instead of “The stone is red”. Does the sense they grasp lack the copula? Or do they add the copula in thought?)   
21. Imagine a language-game in which A asks, and B reports, the number of slabs or blocks in a pile, or the colours and shapes of the building stones that are stacked in such-and-such a place. a Such a report might run: “Five slabs.” Now what is the difference between the report or assertion “Five slabs” and the order “Five slabs!”? a Well, it is the part  which  uttering  these  words  plays  in  the  language-game.  But  the tone of voice in which they are uttered is likely to be different too, as are the facial expression and some other things. But we could also imagine  the  tone’s  being  the  same  a for  an  order  and  a  report  can  be  spoken in a variety of tones of voice and with various facial expressions a the difference being only in the use that is made of these words. (Of course,  we  might  also  use  the  words  “assertion”  and  “command”  to signify a grammatical form of a sentence and a particular intonation; just as we would call the sentence “Isn’t the weather glorious to-day?” a question, although it is used as an assertion.) We could imagine a language in which all assertions had the form and tone of rhetorical questions; or every command had the form of the question “Would you like to . . . ?”. Perhaps it will then be said: “What he says has the form of a  question  but  is  really  a  command”  a that  is,  has  the  function  of  a command in linguistic practice. (Similarly, one says “You will do this” not  as  a  prophecy,  but  as  a  command.  What  makes  it  the  one  or  the other?)   
22. Frege’s opinion that every assertion contains an assumption, which is the thing that is asserted, really rests on the possibility, found in our language, of writing every assertoric sentence in the form “It is asserted that such-and-such is the case”. a But “that such-and-such is the case” is not a sentence in our language a it is not yet a move in the languagegame. And if I write, not “It is asserted that . . .”, but “It is asserted: such-and-such  is  the  case”,  the  words  “It  is  asserted”  simply  become superﬂuous.  We  might  very  well  also  write  every  assertion  in  the  form  of  a |11| question  followed  by  an  afﬁrmative  expression;  for  instance,  “Is  it  raining?  Yes!”  Would  this  show  that  every  assertion  contained  a  question?  Of course, one has the right to use an assertion sign in contrast with a question-mark: for example, or if one wants to distinguish an assertion from a ﬁction or an assumption. It is a mistake only if one thinks that  the  assertion  consists  of  two  acts,  entertaining  and  asserting (assigning a truth-value, or something of the kind), and that in performing these acts we follow the sentence sign by sign roughly as we sing from sheet music. Reading the written sentence loudly or softly is indeed comparable to singing from sheet music, but ‘meaning’ (thinking) the sentence that is read is not.  The Fregean assertion sign marks the beginning of a sentence. So its function is like that of the full stop. It distinguishes the whole period from  a  clause  within the  period.  If  I  hear  someone  say  “it’s  raining”, but  do  not  know  whether  I  have  heard  the  beginning  and  end  of  the period, then so far this sentence fails to convey anything to me.  Imagine a picture representing a boxer in a particular ﬁghting stance. Well, this picture can be used to tell someone how he should stand, should hold himself; or how he should not hold himself; or how a particular man did stand in such-and-such a place; and so on. One  might  (using  the  language  of  chemistry)  call  this  picture  a sentence-radical.  Frege  probably  conceived  of  the  “assumption” along these lines. |p. 11 n.| 
23. But how many kinds of sentence are there? Say assertion, question and command? a There are countless kinds; countless different kinds of use of all the things we call “signs”, “words”, “sentences”. And this diversity  is  not  something  ﬁxed,  given  once  for  all;  but  new  types  of language, new language-games, as we may say, come into existence, and    others become obsolete and get forgotten. (We can get a rough picture of this from the changes in mathematics.)  The word “language-game” is used here to emphasize the fact that  the speaking of language is part of an activity, or of a form of life.  Consider  the  variety  of  language-games  in  the  following  examples,  and in others:  Giving orders, and acting on them a Describing an object by its appearance, or by its measurements a Constructing an object from a description (a drawing) a Reporting an event a Speculating about the event a |12| Forming and testing a hypothesis a Presenting the results of an experiment in tables and diagrams a Making up a story; and reading one a Acting in a play a Singing rounds a Guessing riddles a Cracking a joke; telling one a Solving a problem in applied arithmetic a Translating from one language into another a Requesting, thanking, cursing, greeting, praying.  a It is interesting to compare the diversity of the tools of language and of the ways they are used, the diversity of kinds of word and sentence, with  what  logicians  have  said  about  the  structure  of  language.  (This includes the author of the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus.) 
24. Someone who does not bear in mind the variety of language-games will  perhaps  be  inclined  to  ask  questions  like:  “What  is  a  question?” a Is  it  a  way  of  stating  that  I  do  not  know  such-and-such,  or  that  I  wish  the  other  person  would  tell  me . . . ?  Or  is  it  a description  of  my  mental  state  of  uncertainty?  a And  is  the  cry  “Help!”  such  a  description?  Remember  how  many  different  kinds  of  thing  are  called  “description”:  description  of  a  body’s  position  by  means  of  its  co-ordinates,    description of a facial expression, description of a sensation of touch, of a mood.  Of  course,  it  is  possible  to  substitute  for  the  usual  form  of  a  question the form of a statement or description: “I want to know whether . . .” or “I am in doubt whether . . .” a but this does not bring the different language-games any closer together.  The signiﬁcance of such possibilities of transformation, for example, of turning all assertoric sentences into sentences beginning with the preﬁx “I think” or “I believe” (and thus, as it were, into descriptions of my inner life) will become clearer in another place. (Solipsism.)   
25. It  is  sometimes  said:  animals  do  not  talk  because  they  lack  the  mental abilities. And this means: “They do not think, and that is why they  do  not  talk.”  But  a they  simply  do  not  talk.  Or  better:  they  do not use language a if we disregard the most primitive forms of language. a Giving orders, asking questions, telling stories, having a chat, are as much a part of our natural history as walking, eating, drinking, playing. 
26. One  thinks  that  learning  language  consists  in  giving  names  to objects. For example, to human beings, to shapes, to colours, to pains, to |13| moods, to numbers, etc. To repeat a naming is something like attaching a name tag to a thing. One can call this a preparation for the use of a word. But what is it a preparation for? 
27. “We  name  things  and  then  we  can  talk  about  them:  can  refer  to them in talk.” a As if what we did next were given with the mere act of  naming.  As  if  there  were  only  one  thing  called  “talking  about things”.  Whereas  in  fact  we  do  the  most  various  things  with  our  sentences.  Think  just  of  exclamations,  with  their  completely  different functions.  Water! Away! Ow! Help! Splendid! No!  Are you still inclined to call these words “names of objects”?    In  languages  (2)  and  (8),  there  was  no  such  thing  as  asking  something’s name. This, with its correlate, ostensive explanation, is, we might say, a language-game in its own right. That is really to say: we are brought up, trained, to ask “What is that called?” a upon which the name is given. And there is also a language-game of inventing a name for something, that is, of saying “This is called . . .” and then using the new name. (So, for example, children give names to their dolls and then talk about them and to them. Consider in this connection how singular is the use of a person’s name to call him!) 
28. Now,  one  can  ostensively  deﬁne  a  person’s  name,  the  name  of  a colour, the name of a material, a number-word, the name of a point of the  compass,  and  so  on.  The  deﬁnition  of  the  number  two,  “That  is called ‘two’ ” a pointing to two nuts a is perfectly exact. a But how can  the  number  two  be  deﬁned  like  that?  The  person  one  gives  the deﬁnition to doesn’t know what it is that one wants to call “two”; he will suppose that “two” is the name given to  this group of  nuts! —– He may suppose this; but perhaps he does not. He might make the opposite  mistake:  when  I  want  to  assign  a  name  to  this  group  of  nuts,  he might take it to be the name of a number. And he might equally well take a person’s name, which I explain ostensively, as that of a colour, of  a  race,  or  even  of  a  point  |14| of  the  compass.  That  is  to  say,  an ostensive deﬁnition can be variously interpreted in any case.    Could one explain the word “red” by pointing to something that was  not  red?  That  would  be  as  if  one  had  to  explain  the  word “modest” to someone whose English was poor, and one pointed to an arrogant man and said “That man is not modest”. That it is ambiguous is no argument against such a form of explanation. Any explanation can be misunderstood.  But  one  might  well  ask:  are  we  still  to  call  this  an  “explanation”?  a For,  of  course,  it  plays  a  different  role  in  the  calculus from  what  we  ordinarily  call  an  “ostensive  explanation”  of  the word  “red”,  even  if  it  has  the  same  practical  consequences,  the same effect on the learner. |p. 14 n.|   
29. Perhaps  someone  will  say,  “two”  can  be  ostensively  deﬁned  only in  this way:  “This  number is  called  ‘two’.”  For  the  word  “number” here shows what place in language, in grammar, we assign to the word. But this means that the word “number” must be explained before that ostensive deﬁnition can be understood. a The word “number” in the deﬁnition does indeed indicate this place a the post at which we station the word. And we can prevent misunderstandings by saying “This colour is  called  so-and-so”,  “This  length is  called  so-and-so”,  and  so on. That is to say, misunderstandings are sometimes averted in this way. But does one have to take the words “colour” and “length” in just this way? a Well, we’ll just have to explain them. Explain, then, by means of other words! And what about the last explanation in this chain? (Don’t say:  “There  isn’t  a  ‘last’  explanation.”  That  is  just  as  if  you  were  to say:  “There  isn’t  a  last  house  in  this  road;  one  can  always  build  an  additional one.”)  Whether the word “number” is necessary in an ostensive deﬁnition of “two” depends on whether without this word the other person takes the deﬁnition otherwise than I wish. And that will depend on the circumstances under which it is given, and on the person I give it to.  And how he ‘takes’ the explanation shows itself in how he uses the  word explained. 
30. So,  one  could  say:  an  ostensive  deﬁnition  explains  the  use  a the meaning  a of  a  word  if  the  role  the  word  is  supposed  to  play  in  the language is already clear. So if I know that someone means to explain a colour-word to me, the ostensive explanation “That is called ‘sepia’ ” will enable me to understand the word. a And one can say this, as long as |15| one does not forget that now all sorts of questions are tied up with the words “to know” or “to be clear”.  One  has  already  to  know  (or  be  able  to  do)  something  before  one can ask what something is called. But what does one have to know? 
31. When  one  shows  someone  the  king  in  chess  and  says  “This  is  the  king”,  one  does  not  thereby  explain  to  him  the  use  of  this  piece  a unless  he  already  knows  the  rules  of  the  game  except  for  this  last point:  the  shape  of  the  king.  One  can  imagine  his  having  learnt  the  rules of the game without ever having been shown an actual piece. The shape  of  the  chess  piece  corresponds  here  to  the  sound  or  shape  of  a word.  However, one can also imagine someone’s having learnt the game without  ever  learning  or  formulating  rules.  He  might  have  learnt  quite     simple  board-games  ﬁrst,  by  watching,  and  have  progressed  to  more and more complicated ones. He too might be given the explanation “This is the king” a if, for instance, he were being shown chess pieces of a shape unfamiliar to him. This explanation again informs him of the use of the piece only because, as we might say, the place for it was already prepared. In other words, we’ll say that it informs him of the use only if the place is already prepared. And in that case it is so, not because the person to whom we give the explanation already knows rules, but because, in another sense, he has already mastered a game.  Consider this further case: I am explaining chess to someone; and I begin by pointing to a chess piece and saying “This is the king; it can move in this-and-this way”, and so on. a In this case we shall say: the words “This is the king” (or “This is called ‘the king’ ”) are an explanation of a word only if the learner already ‘knows what a piece in a game is’. That is, if, for example, he has already played other games, or has watched ‘with understanding’ how other people play a and similar things. Only then will he, while learning the game, be able to ask relevantly, “What is this called?” a that is, this chess piece.  We may say: it only makes sense for someone to ask what something  is called if he already knows how to make use of the name.  We can, after all, imagine the person who is asked replying: “Decide what to call it yourself” a and now the one who asked would himself be answerable for everything. 
32. Someone  coming  into  a  foreign  country  will  sometimes  learn  the language of the inhabitants from ostensive explanations that they give him;  and  he  will  often  have  to  guess how  to  interpret  these  explanations; and sometimes he will guess right, sometimes wrong.  And now, I think, we can say: Augustine describes the learning |16| of human language as if the child came into a foreign country and did not  understand  the  language  of  the  country;  that  is,  as  if  he  already had a language, only not this one. Or again, as if the child could already think,  only  not  yet  speak.  And  “think”  would  here  mean  something like “talk to himself”. 
33. But what if someone objected: “It is not true that one must already be  master  of  a  language-game  in  order  to  understand  an  ostensive deﬁnition: rather, one need only a obviously a know (or guess) what the person giving the explanation is pointing at. That is, whether, for example,  at  the  shape  of  the  object,  or  its  colour,  or  the  number  and so on.” —– And what does ‘pointing at the shape’, ‘pointing at the colour’,    consist in? Point at a piece of paper. a And now point at its shape a now at its colour a now at its number (that sounds odd). a Well, how did you do it? a You’ll say that you ‘meant’ something different each time  you  pointed.  And  if  I  ask  how  that  is  done,  you’ll  say  you  concentrated your attention on the colour, the shape, and so on. But now I ask again: how is that done?  Suppose  someone  points  to  a  vase  and  says  “Look  at  that  marvellous blue a forget about the shape”. Or: “Look at the marvellous shape a the colour doesn’t matter.” No doubt you’ll do something different in each case, when you do what he asks you. But do you always do the same thing when you direct your attention to the colour? Imagine various different cases! To indicate a few:  “Is  this  blue  the  same  as  the  blue  over  there?  Do  you  see  any   difference?” a  You are mixing paints and you say, “It’s hard to get the blue of this  sky”.  “It’s turning ﬁne, you can already see blue sky again.” “Note how different these two blues look.” “Do you see the blue book over there? Bring it here.” “This blue light means . . .” “What’s this blue called? a Is it ‘indigo’?”  One attends to the colour sometimes by blocking the contour from view with one’s hand, or by not focusing on the contour of the thing, or by staring at the object and trying to remember where one saw that colour before.  One attends to the shape, sometimes by tracing it, sometimes by screwing  up  one’s  eyes  so  as  not  to  see  the  colour  clearly,  and  so  forth.  I want to say: this and similar things are what one does while one ‘directs one’s  attention  to  this  or  that’.  But  it  isn’t  only  these  things  |17| that make  us  say  that  someone  is  attending  to  the  shape,  the  colour,  etc. Just as making a move in chess doesn’t consist only in pushing a piece from here to there on the board a nor yet in the thoughts and feelings that accompany the move: but in the circumstances that we call “playing a game of chess”, “solving a chess problem”, and the like. 
34. But suppose someone said: “I always do the same thing when I attend to  a  shape:  I  follow  the  contour  with  my  eyes  and  feel . . .”  And     suppose this person gives someone else the ostensive explanation “That is  called  a  ‘circle’ ”,  pointing  to  a  circular  object  and  having  all  these experiences —– can’t his hearer still interpret the explanation differently, even  though  he  sees  the  other’s  eyes  following  the  contour,  and  even though he feels what the other feels? That is to say, this ‘interpretation’ may also consist in how he now makes use of the explained word; in what he points at, for example, when told “Point to a circle!” a For neither  the  expression  “to  mean  the  explanation  in  such-and-such  a  way” nor the expression “to interpret the explanation in such-and-such a  way”  signiﬁes  a  process  which  accompanies  the  giving  and  hearing of an explanation. 
35. There are, indeed, what may be called “characteristic experiences” of pointing, say, to the shape. For example, following the contour with one’s ﬁnger or with one’s eyes as one points. a This, however, does not happen in all cases in which I ‘mean the shape’, and no more does any other one characteristic process occur in all these cases. a But even if something  of  the  sort  did  recur  in  all  cases,  it  would  still  depend  on the circumstances a that is, on what happened before and after the pointing a whether we would say “He pointed at the shape and not at the colour”.  For the words “to point at the shape”, “to mean the shape”, and so on, are not used in the same way as these: “to point at this book” (not that one), “to point at the chair, not at the table”, and so on. a Just think how differently we  learn the use of  the  words  “to  point  at  this thing”, “to point at that thing”, and on the other hand, “to point at the colour, not the shape”, “to mean the colour”, and so on.  To repeat: in certain cases, especially when one points ‘at the shape’ or ‘at the number’, there are characteristic experiences and ways of pointing a ‘characteristic’ because they recur often (not always) when shape or number are ‘meant’. But do you also know of an experience characteristic of pointing at a piece in a game as a piece in a game? |18| All the same, one can say: “I mean that this piece is called the ‘king’, not this  particular  bit  of  wood  I  am  pointing  at.”  (Recognizing,  wishing, remembering, and so on.)      What  is  going  on  when  one  means the  words  “That is  blue”  at one time as a statement about the object one is pointing at a at another as an explanation of the word “blue”? Well, in the second  case,  one  really  means  “That  is  called  ‘blue’ ”.  a Then  can one at one time mean the word “is” as “is called” and the word “blue” as “ ‘blue’ ”, and another time mean “is” really as “is”? It can also happen that from what was meant as a piece of information,  someone  derives  an  explanation  of  a  word.  [Here  lurks a superstition of great consequence.]  Can I say “bububu” and mean “If it doesn’t rain, I shall go for a walk”? a It is only in a language that I can mean something by something. This shows clearly that the grammar of “to mean” does not  resemble  that  of  the  expression  “to  imagine”  and  the  like.  |p. 18 n.| 
36. And we do here what we do in a host of similar cases: because we cannot specify any one bodily action which we call pointing at the shape (as opposed to the colour, for example), we say that a mental, spiritual activity corresponds to these words.  Where our language suggests a body and there is none: there, we should  like to say, is a spirit. 
37. What is the relation between name and thing named? a Well, what is it? Look at language-game (2) or at some other one: that’s where one can  see  what  this  relation  may  consist  in.  Among  many  other  things, this relation may also consist in the fact that hearing a name calls before our mind the picture of what is named; and sometimes in the name’s being written on the thing named or in its being uttered when the thing named is pointed at.   
38. But what, for example, does the word “this” name in language-game (8)  or  the  word  “that”  in  the  ostensive  explanation  “That  is  called . . .”? a If you don’t want to produce confusion, then it is best not to say  that  these  words  name  anything.  a Yet,  strange  to  say,  the  word “this”  has  been  called  the  real  name;  so  that  anything  else  we  call  a name was one only in an inexact, approximate sense.  This odd conception springs from a tendency to sublimate the logic of our language a as one might put it. The proper answer to it is: we    call very different things “names”; the word “name” serves to |19| characterize many different, variously related, kinds of use of a word a but the kind of use that the word “this” has is not among them.  It is quite true that in giving an ostensive deﬁnition, for instance, we often point to the object named and utter the name. And likewise, in giving an ostensive deﬁnition, we utter the word “this” while pointing to a thing. And also, the word “this” and a name often occupy the same position  in  the  context  of  a  sentence.  But  it  is  precisely  characteristic of  a  name  that  it  is  explained  by  means  of  the  demonstrative  expression “That is N” (or “That is called ‘N’ ”). But do we also explain “That is called ‘this’ ”, or “This is called ‘this’ ”?  This  is  connected  with  the  conception  of  naming  as  a  process  that is, so to speak, occult. Naming seems to be a strange connection of a word with an object. a And such a strange connection really obtains, particularly  when  a  philosopher  tries  to  fathom  the relation  between name and what is named by staring at an object in front of him and repeating a name, or even the word “this”, innumerable times. For philosophical problems arise when language goes on holiday. And then we may  indeed  imagine  naming  to  be  some  remarkable  mental  act,  as  it were  the  baptism  of  an  object.  And  we  can  also  say  the  word  “this” to the object, as it were address the object as “this” a a strange use of this word, which perhaps occurs only when philosophizing.   
39. But why does it occur to one to want to make precisely this word into a name, when it obviously is not a name? a That is just the reason. For one is tempted to make an objection against what is ordinarily called a name. It can be put like this: a name ought really to signify a  simple.  And  one  might  perhaps  give  the  following  reasons  for  this: the word “Nothung”, say, is a proper name in the ordinary sense. The sword Nothung consists of parts combined in a particular way. If they are  combined  differently,  Nothung  does  not  exist.  But  it  is  clear  that the  sentence  “Nothung  has  a  sharp  blade”  has  a  sense, whether Nothung is still whole or has already been shattered. But if “Nothung” is the name of an object, this object no longer exists when Nothung is shattered  into  pieces;  and  as  no  object  would  then  correspond  to  the name, it would have no meaning. But then the sentence “Nothung has a sharp blade” would contain a word that had no meaning, and hence    the sentence would be nonsense. But it does have a sense; so there must still be something corresponding to the words of which it consists. So the  word  “Nothung”  must  disappear  when  the  sense  is  |20| analysed and  its  place  be  taken  by  words  which  name  simples.  It  will  be  reasonable to call these words the real names. 
40. Let us ﬁrst discuss the following point in the argument: that a word has no meaning if nothing corresponds to it. a It is important to note that it is a solecism to use the word “meaning” to signify the thing that ‘corresponds’ to a word. That is to confound the meaning of a name with  the  bearer of  the  name.  When  Mr  N.N.  dies,  one  says  that  the bearer  of  the  name  dies,  not  that  the  meaning  dies.  And  it  would  be nonsensical to say this, for if the name ceased to have meaning, it would make no sense to say “Mr N.N. is dead”. 
41. In  §15 we  introduced  proper  names  into  language  (8).  Now  suppose that the tool with the name “N” is broken. Not knowing this, A gives B the sign “N”. Has this sign a meaning now, or not? a What is B to do when he is given it? a We haven’t settled anything about this. One might ask: what will he do? Well, perhaps he will stand there at a loss, or show A the pieces. Here one might say: “N” has become meaningless;  and  this  expression  would  mean  that  the  sign  “N”  no  longer had  a  use  in  our  language-game  (unless  we  gave  it  a  new  one).  “N” might also become meaningless because, for whatever reason, the tool was  given  another  name,  and  the  sign  “N”  no  longer  used  in  the  language-game.  a But  we  could  also  imagine  a  convention  whereby  B  has  to  shake  his  head  in  reply  if  A  gives  the  sign  for  a  tool  that  is broken. a In this way, the command “N” might be said to be admitted into  the  language-game  even  when  the  tool  no  longer  exists,  and  the sign “N” to have meaning even when its bearer ceases to exist. 
42. But  have  even  names  that  have  never been  used  for  a  tool  got  a meaning in that game? —– Let’s assume that “X” is such a sign, and that A gives this sign to B a well, even such signs could be admitted into the language-game, and B might have to answer them with a shake of the head. (One could imagine this as a kind of amusement for them.)   
43. For a large class of cases of the employment of the word “meaning”  a though  not  for  all a this  word  can  be  explained  in  this  way: the meaning of a word is its use in the language. |21|  And  the  meaning of  a  name  is  sometimes  explained  by  pointing  to  its bearer. 
44. We said that the sentence “Nothung has a sharp blade” has a sense even when Nothung is already shattered. Well, this is so because in this language-game a name is also used in the absence of its bearer. But we can imagine a language-game with names (that is, with signs which we would certainly call “names”), in which they are used only in the presence of the bearer, and so could always be replaced by a demonstrative pronoun and a pointing gesture. 
45. The demonstrative “this” can never be without a bearer. It might be said: “So long as there is a this, the word ‘this’ has a meaning too, whether  this is  simple  or  complex.”  —–  But  that  does  not  make  the word into a name. On the contrary: for a name is not used with, but only explained by means of, a pointing gesture.   
46. What lies behind the idea that names really signify simples? a  Socrates says in the Theaetetus: “If I am not mistaken, I have heard some people say this: there is no explanation of the primary elements a so  to  speak  a out  of  which  we  and  everything  else  are  composed; for everything that exists in and of itself can be signiﬁed only by names; no other determination is possible, either that it is or that it is not . . . But what exists in and of itself has to be . . . named without any other determination. In consequence, it is impossible to give an explanatory account of any primary element, since for it, there is nothing other than mere naming; after all, its name is all it has. But just as what is composed of the primary elements is itself an interwoven structure, so the correspondingly  interwoven  names  become  explanatory  language;  for the essence of the latter is the interweaving of names.”    Both  Russell’s  ‘individuals’  and  my  ‘objects’  (Tractatus  Logico Philosophicus) were likewise such primary elements. 
47. But what are the simple constituent parts of which reality is composed? a What are the simple constituent parts of a chair? a The pieces    of wood from which it is assembled? Or the molecules, or the atoms? a “Simple” means: not composite. And here the point is: in what sense ‘composite’? It makes no sense at all to speak absolutely of the ‘simple parts of a chair’. |22|  Again: Does my visual image of this tree, of this chair, consist of parts? And  what  are  its  simple  constituent  parts?  Multi-colouredness  is  one kind of compositeness; another is, for example, that of an open curve composed of straight bits. And a continuous curve may be said to be composed of an ascending and a descending segment.  If I tell someone without any further explanation, “What I see before me  now  is  composite”,  he  will  legitimately  ask,  “What  do  you  mean by ‘composite’? For there are all sorts of things it may mean!” a The question  “Is  what  you  see  composite?”  makes  good  sense  if  it  is already  established  what  kind  of  compositeness  a that  is,  which  particular use of this word a is in question. If it had been laid down that the visual image of a tree was to be called “composite” if one saw not just a trunk, but also branches, then the question “Is the visual image of this tree simple or composite?” and the question “What are its simple constituent parts?” would have a clear sense a a clear use. And of course the answer to the second question is not “The branches” (that would be an answer to the grammatical question: “What are here called ‘simple constituent parts’?”), but rather a description of the individual branches.  But isn’t a chessboard, for instance, obviously, and absolutely composite? a You’re probably thinking of its being composed of 32 white and 32 black squares. But couldn’t we also say, for instance, that it was composed of the colours black and white and the schema of squares? And if there are quite different ways of looking at it, do you still want to say that the chessboard is absolutely ‘composite’? a Asking “Is this object composite?” outside a particular game is like what a boy once did when he had to say whether the verbs in certain sentences were in the  active  or  passive  voice,  and  who  racked  his  brains  over  the  question whether the verb “to sleep”, for example, meant something active or passive.  We use the word “composite” (and therefore the word “simple”) in an enormous number of different and differently related ways. (Is the colour of a square on a chessboard simple, or does it consist of pure white and pure yellow? And is the white simple, or does it consist of    the colours of the rainbow? a Is this length of 2 cm simple, or does it consist of two parts, each 1 cm long? But why not of one bit 3 cm long, and one bit 1 cm long measured in the opposite direction?)  To  the  philosophical question  “Is  the  visual  image  of  this  tree  |23| composite, and what are its constituent parts?” the correct answer is: “That depends on what you understand by ‘composite’.” (And that, of course, is not an answer to, but a rejection of, the question.) 
48. Let  us  apply  the  method  of  §2 to  the  account  in  the  Theaetetus. Consider  a  language-game  for  which  this  account  is  really  valid.  The language  serves  to  represent  combinations  of  coloured  squares  on  a  surface.  The  squares  form  a  chessboard-like  complex.  There  are  red,  green,  white  and  black  squares.  The  words  of  the  language  are  (correspondingly) “R”, “G”, “W”, “B”, and a sentence is a sequence of these words. Such sequences describe an arrangement of squares in the order  1  4  7  2  5  8  3  6  9  And  so,  for  instance,  the  sentence  “RRBGGGRWW”  describes  an arrangement of this sort:  Here the sentence is a complex of names, to which a complex of elements corresponds. The primary elements are the coloured squares. “But are these simple?” a I wouldn’t know what I could more naturally call a ‘simple’ in this language-game. But under other circumstances, I’d call a monochrome square, consisting perhaps of two rectangles or of the elements colour and shape, “composite”. But the concept of compositeness  might  also  be  extended  so  that  a  smaller  area  was  said  to  be    ‘composed’  of  a  greater  area  and  another  one  subtracted  from  it. Compare the ‘composition’ of |24| forces, the ‘division’ of a line by a point  outside  it;  these  expressions  show  that  we  are  sometimes  even inclined  to  conceive  the  smaller  as  the  result  of  a  composition  of greater parts, and the greater as the result of a division of the smaller. But I do not know whether to say that the  ﬁgure described by our sentence  consists  of  four  or  of  nine  elements!  Well,  does  the  sentence consist  of  four  letters  or  of  nine?  a And  which  are  its  elements,  the types of letter, or the letters? Does it matter which we say, so long as we avoid misunderstandings in any particular case?   
49. But what does it mean to say that we cannot explain (that is, describe) these elements, but only name them? Well, it could mean, for instance, that when in a limiting case a complex consists of only one square, its description is simply the name of the coloured square.  Here one might say a though this easily leads to all kinds of philosophical superstition a that a sign “R” or “B”, etc., may sometimes be a word and sometimes a sentence. But whether it ‘is a word or a sentence’  depends  on  the  situation  in  which  it  is  uttered  or  written.  For instance, if A has to describe complexes of coloured squares to B, and he uses the word “R” by itself, we’ll be able to say that the word is a description a a sentence. But if he is memorizing the words and their meanings,  or  if  he  is  teaching  someone  else  the  use  of  the  words  and uttering them in the course of ostensive teaching, we’ll not say that they are sentences. In this situation the word “R”, for instance, is not a description;  one  names an  element  with  it  —– but  that  is  why  it  would  be strange  to  say  here  that  an  element  can  only be  named!  For  naming and describing do not stand on the same level: naming is a preparation for  describing.  Naming  is  not  yet  a  move  in  a  language-game  a any more than putting a piece in its place on the board is a move in chess. One may say: with the mere naming of a thing, nothing has yet been done. Nor has it a name except in a game. This was what Frege meant  too when he said that a word has a meaning only in the context of a sentence. 
50. What does it mean to say that we can attribute neither being nor non-being to the elements? a One might say: if everything that we call “being” and “non-being” consists in the obtaining and non-obtaining of connections between elements, it makes no sense to speak of the being (non-being)  of  an  element;  just  as  it  makes  no  sense  to  speak  of  the    destruction of an element, if everything that we call “destruction” lies in the separation of elements. |25|  One would like to say, however, that being cannot be attributed to an element, for if it did not exist, one could not even name it, and so one could state nothing at all about it. a But let us consider an analogous case. There is one thing of which one can state neither that it is 1 metre long, nor that it is not 1 metre long, and that is the standard metre in Paris. a But this is, of course, not to ascribe any remarkable property to it, but only to mark its peculiar role in the game of measuring with a metre-rule. a Suppose that samples of colour were preserved in Paris like the standard metre. So we explain that “sepia” means the colour of the standard sepia which is kept there hermetically sealed. Then  it  will  make  no  sense  to  state  of  this  sample  either  that  it  is  of this colour or that it is not.  We can put it like this: This sample is an instrument of the language, by means of which we make colour statements. In this game, it is not something that is represented, but is a means of representation. a And the same applies to an element in language-game (48) when we give it a  name  by  uttering  the  word  “R”  a in  so  doing  we  have  given  that object  a  role  in  our  language-game;  it  is  now  a  means of  representation. And to say “If it did not exist, it could have no name” is to say as much and as little as: if this thing did not exist, we could not use it in our language-game. a What looks as if it had to exist is part of the language.  It  is  a  paradigm  in  our  game;  something  with  which  comparisons are made. And this may be an important observation; but it is none the less an observation about our language-game a our mode of representation. 
51. In describing language-game (48), I said that the words “R”, “B”, etc. corresponded to the colours of the squares. But what does this correspondence consist in? In what sense can one say that certain colours of squares correspond to these signs? After all, the explanation in (48) merely  set  up  a  connection  between  those  signs  and  certain  words  of our  language  (colour  names).  a Well,  it  was  assumed  that  the  use  of the signs in the game would be taught in a different way a by pointing to paradigms. Very well; but what does it mean to say that in the practice of the language certain elements correspond to the signs? a Is it that the person who is describing the complexes of coloured squares always says “R” where there is a red square, “B” where there is a black one,  and  so  on?  But  what  if  he  goes  wrong  in  the  description  and  mistakenly  says  “R”  where  he  sees  a  black  square  —– what  is  the     criterion  here  for  this  being  a  mistake?  a Or  does  “R” ’s  signifying  a red  square  consist  in  this,  that  the  |26| people  who  use  the  language always  have  a  red  square  come  before  their  mind  when  they  use  the sign “R”?  In  order  to  see  more  clearly,  here  as  in  countless  similar  cases,  we  must  look  at  what  really  happens  in  detail,  as  it  were  from  close up.   
52. If I am inclined to suppose that a mouse comes into being by spontaneous generation out of grey rags and dust, it’s a good idea to examine  those  rags  very  closely  to  see  how  a  mouse  could  have  hidden  in them,  how  it  could  have  got  there,  and  so  on.  But  if  I  am  convinced that a mouse cannot come into being from these things, then this investigation will perhaps be superﬂuous.  But what it is in philosophy that resists such an examination of details,  we have yet to come to understand. 
53. Our  language-game  (48)  has  various possibilities.  There  is  a  variety  of  cases  in  which  we  would  say  that  a  sign  in  the  game  was  the name of a square of such-and-such a colour. We’d say so, for example, if we knew that the people who used the language were taught the use of the signs in such-and-such a way. Or if it were laid down somewhere, say in the form of a chart, that this element corresponded to this sign, and if the chart were used in teaching the language and were appealed to in deciding certain disputed cases.  We can, however, also imagine such a chart’s being a tool in the use of the language. Describing a complex is then done like this: the person who describes the complex has a chart with him and looks up each element  of  the  complex  in  it  and  passes  from  the  element  to  the  sign (and the person to whom the description is given may also translate its words  into  a  picture  of  coloured  squares  by  the  use  of  a  chart).  This chart might be said to take over here the role that memory and association  play  in  other  cases.  (We  don’t  usually  carry  out  the  order “Bring me a red ﬂower” by looking up the colour red in a colour chart and then bringing a ﬂower of the colour that we ﬁnd in the chart; but when it is a question of choosing or mixing a particular shade of red, we do sometimes make use of a sample or chart.)    If we call such a chart the expression of a rule of the language-game, it  can  be  said  that  what  we  call  a  rule  of  a  language-game  may  have very different roles in the game.   
54. Just think of the kinds of case where we say that a game is played according to a particular rule. |27|  The rule may be an aid in teaching the game. The learner is told it and given practice in applying it. a Or it is a tool of the game itself. a Or a rule is employed neither in the teaching nor in the game itself; nor is it set down in a list of rules. One learns the game by watching how others play it. But we say that it is played according to such-andsuch  rules  because  an  observer  can  read  these  rules  off  from  the  way the  game  is  played  a like  a  natural  law  governing  the  play.  —–  But how does the observer distinguish in this case between players’ mistakes and correct play? a There are characteristic signs of it in the players’ behaviour. Think of the behaviour characteristic of someone correcting a  slip  of  the  tongue.  It  would  be  possible  to  recognize  that  someone was doing so even without knowing his language. 
55. “What the names in language signify must be indestructible; for it must  be  possible  to  describe  the  state  of  affairs  in  which  everything destructible is destroyed. And this description will contain words; and what corresponds to these cannot in that case be destroyed, for otherwise the words would have no meaning.” I must not saw off the branch on which I am sitting.  Now one might, of course, object at once that this description would have to exempt itself from the destruction. a But what corresponds to the words of the description, and so cannot be destroyed if it is true, is what gives the words their meaning a that without which they would have no meaning. —– In a sense, however, this man is surely what corresponds  to  his  name.  But  he  is  destructible,  and  his  name  does  not lose its meaning when its bearer is destroyed. a A paradigm that is used in  conjunction  with  a  name  in  a  language-game  a that  would  be  an example  of  something  which  corresponds  to  a  name  and  without which it would have no meaning. 
56. But  what  if  no  such  sample  is  part  of  the  language,  and  we  bear in mind the colour (for instance) that a word signiﬁes? —– “And if we bear  it  in  mind,  then  it  comes  before  our  mind’s  eye  when  we  utter  the  word.  So,  if  it  is  supposed  to  be  possible  for  us  to  remember  it     whenever we want, the colour in itself must be indestructible.” —– But what do we regard as the criterion for remembering it right? a If we use a sample instead of our memory, there are circumstances in which we  might  say  that  the  sample  has  changed  colour,  and  we  judge whether this is so by memory. But can’t we sometimes speak of a darkening  (for  example)  of  our  memory-image?  Aren’t  we  as  much  at  the mercy of memory as of a sample? (For someone might feel like saying: “If we |28| had no memory, we would be at the mercy of a sample.”) a Or perhaps of some chemical reaction. Imagine that you were supposed  to  paint  a  particular  colour  “C”,  which  was  the  colour  that appeared when the chemical substances X and Y combined. a Suppose that the colour struck you as brighter on one day than on another; would you perhaps not say: “I must be wrong, the colour is surely the same as yesterday”? This shows that we do not always resort to what memory tells us as the verdict of the highest court of appeal. 
57. “Something red can be destroyed, but red cannot be destroyed, and that is why the meaning of the word ‘red’ is independent of the existence  of  a  red  thing.”  a Certainly  it  makes  no  sense  to  say  that  the colour red (as opposed to the pigment) is torn up or pounded to bits. But don’t we say “The red is vanishing”? And don’t cling to the idea of our always being able to bring red before our mind’s eye even when there is nothing red any more! That is just as if you were to say that there would still always be a chemical reaction producing a red ﬂame. a For what if you cannot remember the colour any more? a If we forget which colour this is the name of, the name loses its meaning for us; that  is,  we’re  no  longer  able  to  play  a  particular  language-game  with it. And then the situation is comparable to that in which we’ve lost a paradigm which was an instrument of our language. 
58. “I want to restrict the term ‘name’ to what cannot occur in the combination  ‘X  exists’.  a And  so  one  cannot  say  ‘Red  exists’,  because  if there were no red, it could not be spoken of at all.” a More correctly: If “X exists” amounts to no more than “X” has a meaning a then it is  not  a  sentence  which  treats  of  X,  but  a  sentence  about  our  use  of language, that is, about the use of the word “X”.    It looks to us as if we were saying something about the nature of red in saying that the words “Red exists” do not make sense. Namely, that red  exists  ‘in  and  of  itself’.  The  same  idea  a that  this  is  a  metaphysical statement about red a ﬁnds expression again when we say such a thing as that red is timeless, and perhaps still more strongly in the word “indestructible”.  But what we really want is simply to take “Red exists” as the statement: the word “red” has a meaning. Or, perhaps more correctly, “Red does not exist” as “ ‘Red’ has no meaning”. Only we do not want to say that that expression says this, but that this is what it would have to be saying if it made sense a that the expression actually contradicts itself  in  the  attempt |29| to  say  that  just  because  red  exists  ‘in  and  of itself’.  Whereas  the  only  contradiction  lies  in  something  like  this:  the sentence looks as if it were about the colour, while it is supposed to be saying something about the use of the word “red”. a In reality, however, we quite readily say that a particular colour exists, and that is as much as to say that something exists that has that colour. And the ﬁrst expression is no less accurate than the second; particularly where ‘what has the colour’ is not a physical object. 
59. “A name signiﬁes only what is an element of reality a what cannot be destroyed, what remains the same in all changes.” a But what is that? a Even as we uttered the sentence, that’s what we already had in mind! We already gave expression to a quite speciﬁc idea, a particular  picture  that  we  wanted  to  use.  For  experience  certainly  does  not show  us  these  elements.  We  see  constituent  parts of  something  composite (a chair, for instance). We say that the back is part of the chair, but that it itself is composed of different pieces of wood; whereas a leg is  a  simple  constituent  part.  We  also  see  a  whole  which  changes  (is destroyed) while its constituent parts remain unchanged. These are the materials from which we construct that picture of reality. 
60. When I say “My broom is in the corner”, is this really a statement about the broomstick and the brush? Well, it could at any rate be replaced by a statement giving the position of the stick and the position of the brush. And this statement is surely a further analysed form of the ﬁrst one. a But why do I call it “further analysed”? a Well, if the broom is there, that surely means that the stick and brush must be there, and in  a  particular  relation  to  one  another;  and  previously  this  was,  as  it were, hidden in the sense of the ﬁrst sentence, and is articulated in the analysed sentence. Then does someone who says that the broom is in    the  corner  really  mean:  the  broomstick  is  there,  and  so  is  the  brush, and the broomstick is ﬁxed in the brush? a If we were to ask anyone if he meant this, he would probably say that he had not specially thought of either the broomstick or the brush. And that would be the right answer, for  he  did  not  mean  to  speak  either  of  the  stick  or  of  the  brush  in  particular.  Suppose  that,  instead  of  telling  someone  “Bring  me  the broom!”,  you  said  “Bring  me  the  broomstick  and  the  brush  which  is ﬁtted on to it!” a Isn’t the answer: “Do you want the broom? Why do you  put  it  so  oddly?”  —–  Is  he  going  to  understand  the  further  analysed sentence better? a This sentence, one might say, comes to the same thing as the ordinary one, but in a more roundabout way. |30| Imagine a language-game in which someone is ordered to bring certain objects which  are  composed  of  several  parts,  to  move  them  about,  or  something else of the kind. And two ways of playing it: in one (a) the composite  objects  (brooms,  chairs,  tables,  etc.)  have  names,  as  in  (15);  in the  other  (b)  only  the  parts  are  given  names,  and  the  wholes  are described by means of them. a In what sense is an order in the second game  an  analysed  form  of  an  order  in  the  ﬁrst?  Does  the  former  lie concealed in the latter, and is it now brought out by analysis? a True, the broom is taken to pieces when one separates broomstick and brush; but  does  it  follow  that  the  order  to  bring  the  broom  also  consists  of corresponding parts? 
61. “But surely you won’t deny that a particular order in (a) says the same as one in (b); and what would you call the second one, if not an analysed form of the ﬁrst?” a Certainly I too would say that an order in (a) had the same sense as one in (b), or, as I expressed it earlier, they come to the same thing. And this means that if I were shown an order in  (a)  and  asked,  “Which  order  in  (b)  has  the  same  sense  as  this?”,  or  again,  “Which  orders  in  (b)  does  this  contradict?”,  I  would  give  such-and-such an answer. But that is not to say that we have come to a  general agreement  about  the  use  of  the  expression  “to  have  the  same sense” or “to come to the same thing”. For one may ask: in what cases  do  we  say  “These  are  merely  two  different  forms  of  the  same  game”? 
62. Suppose,  for  example,  that  the  person  who  is  given  the  orders  in (a)  and  (b)  has  to  look  up  a  table  co-ordinating  names  and  pictures before bringing what is required. Does he do the same when he carries out  an  order  in  (a)  and  the  corresponding  one  in  (b)?  a Yes  and  no. You may say: “The point of the two orders is the same.” I would say    so too. a But it is not clear everywhere what should be called the ‘point’ of  an  order.  (Similarly,  one  may  say  of  certain  objects  that  they  have this or that purpose. The essential thing is that this is a lamp, that it serves to give light —– what is not essential is that it is an ornament to the room, ﬁlls an empty space, and so on. But there is not always a clear boundary between essential and inessential.) 
63. To say, however, that a sentence in (b) is an ‘analysed’ form of one in (a) readily seduces us into thinking that the former is the more fundamental form, that it alone shows what is meant by the other, and so on. We may think: someone who has only the unanalysed form lacks the analysis; but he who knows the analysed form |31| has got it all. a But can’t I say that an aspect of the matter is lost to the latter no less than to the former? 
64. Let’s  imagine  language-game  (48)  altered  so  that  names  signify  not  monochrome  squares  but  rectangles  each  consisting  of  two  such squares.  Let  such  a  rectangle  which  is  half  red,  half  green,  be  called “U”;  a  half  green,  half  white  one  “V”;  and  so  on.  Could  we  not  imagine  people  who  had  names  for  such  combinations  of  colour,  but not  for  the  individual  colours?  Think  of  cases  where  we  say,  “This arrangement  of  colours  (say  the  French  tricolor)  has  a  quite  special  character”.  In  what  way  do  the  symbols  of  this  language-game  stand  in  need  of  analysis?  How  far  is  it  even  possible to  replace  this  game  by  (48)? a It is just a different language-game; even though it is related to (48).   
65. Here we come up against the great question that lies behind all these considerations.  a For  someone  might  object  against  me:  “You  make things  easy  for  yourself!  You  talk  about  all  sorts  of  language-games, but have nowhere said what is essential to a language-game, and so to language: what is common to all these activities, and makes them into language or parts of language. So you let yourself off the very part of the investigation that once gave you the most headache, the part about the general form of the proposition and of language.”  And this is true. a Instead of pointing out something common to all that  we  call  language,  I’m  saying  that  these  phenomena  have  no  one thing  in  common  in  virtue  of  which  we  use  the  same  word  for  all  a but  there  are  many  different  kinds  of  afﬁnity between  them.  And  on account of this afﬁnity, or these afﬁnities, we call them all “languages”. I’ll try to explain this.     
66. Consider, for example, the activities that we call “games”. I mean board-games, card-games, ball-games, athletic games, and so on. What is  common  to  them  all?  a Don’t  say:  “They  must  have  something  in  common,  or  they  would  not  be  called  ‘games’ ”  a but  look  and  see  whether  there  is  anything  common  to  all.  a For  if  you  look  at  them, you won’t see something that is common to all, but similarities, afﬁnities,  and  a  whole  series  of  them  at  that.  To  repeat:  don’t  think, but  look!  a Look,  for  example,  at  board-games,  with  their  various afﬁnities. Now pass to card-games; here you ﬁnd many correspondences with the ﬁrst group, but many common |32| features drop out, and others appear. When we pass next to ball-games, much that is common is retained, but much is lost. a Are they all ‘entertaining’? Compare chess with  noughts  and  crosses.  Or  is  there  always  winning  and  losing,  or competition  between  players?  Think  of  patience.  In  ball-games,  there is winning and losing; but when a child throws his ball at the wall and catches it again, this feature has disappeared. Look at the parts played by skill and luck, and at the difference between skill in chess and skill in tennis. Think now of singing and dancing games; here we have the element  of  entertainment,  but  how  many  other  characteristic  features have  disappeared!  And  we  can  go  through  the  many,  many  other groups  of  games  in  the  same  way,  can  see  how  similarities  crop  up  and disappear.  And the upshot of these considerations is: we see a complicated network  of  similarities  overlapping  and  criss-crossing:  similarities  in  the large and in the small. 
67. I  can  think  of  no  better  expression  to  characterize  these  similarities than “family resemblances”; for the various resemblances between members  of  a  family  a build,  features,  colour  of  eyes,  gait,  temperament,  and  so  on  and  so  forth  a overlap  and  criss-cross  in  the  same way. a And I shall say: ‘games’ form a family.  And likewise the kinds of number, for example, form a family. Why do  we  call  something  a  “number”?  Well,  perhaps  because  it  has  a  a direct a afﬁnity with several things that have hitherto been called “number”; and this can be said to give it an indirect afﬁnity with other things that  we  also  call  “numbers”.  And  we  extend  our  concept  of  number, as in spinning a thread we twist ﬁbre on ﬁbre. And the strength of the thread resides not in the fact that some one ﬁbre runs through its whole length, but in the overlapping of many ﬁbres.    But if someone wanted to say, “So there is something common to all these  constructions  a namely,  the  disjunction  of  all  their  common properties” a I’d reply: Now you are only playing with a word. One might as well say, “There is a Something that runs through the whole thread a namely, the continuous overlapping of these ﬁbres”. 
68. “Right; so in your view the concept of number is explained as the logical sum of those individual interrelated concepts: cardinal numbers, rational numbers, real numbers, and so forth; and in the same way, the concept of a game as the logical sum of corresponding sub-concepts.” —–  This  need  not  be  so.  For  I  can give  the  concept  of  number  rigid boundaries |33| in this way, that is, use the word “number” for a rigidly  bounded  concept;  but  I  can  also  use  it  so  that  the  extension  of  the  concept  is  not closed  by  a  boundary.  And  this  is  how  we  do  use  the  word  “game”.  For  how  is  the  concept  of  a  game  bounded?  What  still  counts  as  a  game,  and  what  no  longer  does?  Can  you  say where  the  boundaries  are?  No.  You  can draw some,  for  there  aren’t any drawn yet. (But this never bothered you before when you used the word “game”.)  “But  then  the  use  of  the  word  is  unregulated  a the  ‘game’  we  play with it is unregulated.” —– It is not everywhere bounded by rules; but no more are there any rules for how high one may throw the ball in  tennis,  or  how  hard,  yet  tennis  is  a  game  for  all  that,  and  has  rules too. 
69. How  would  we  explain  to  someone  what  a  game  is?  I  think  that we’d describe games to him, and we might add to the description: “This and similar things are called ‘games’.” And do we know any more ourselves? Is it just that we can’t tell others exactly what a game is? a But this is not ignorance. We don’t know the boundaries because none have been drawn. To repeat, we can draw a boundary a for a special purpose. Does it take this to make the concept usable? Not at all! Except perhaps for that special purpose. No more than it took the deﬁnition: 1 pace = 75 cm to make the measure of length ‘one pace’ usable. And if you want to say “But still, before that it wasn’t an exact measure of length”, then I reply: all right, so it was an inexact one. a Though you still owe me a deﬁnition of exactness. 
70. “But if the concept ‘game’ is without boundaries in this way, you don’t really know what you mean by a ‘game’.” —– When I give the    description “The ground was quite covered with plants”, do you want to  say  that  I  don’t  know  what  I’m  talking  about  until  I  can  give  a deﬁnition of a plant?  An  explanation  of  what  I  meant  would  be,  say,  a  drawing  and  the words  “The  ground  looked  roughly  like  this”.  Perhaps  I  even  say:  “It  looked  exactly like  this.”  a Then  were  just  these blades  of  grass and these leaves there, arranged just like this? No, that is not what it means. And I wouldn’t accept any picture as the exact one in this sense. |34|      Someone says to me, “Show the children a game.” I teach them gambling with dice, and the other says, “I didn’t mean that sort of game”. In that case, must he have had the exclusion of the game with dice before his mind when he gave me the order? |p. 33 n.| 
71. One can say that the concept of a game is a concept with blurred edges. a “But is a blurred concept a concept at all?” a Is a photograph that is not sharp a picture of a person at all? Is it even always an advantage to replace a picture that is not sharp by one that is? Isn’t one that isn’t sharp often just what we need?  Frege compares a concept to a region, and says that a region without  clear  boundaries  can’t  be  called  a  region  at  all.  This  presumably means  that  we  can’t  do  anything  with  it.  a But  is  it  senseless  to  say “Stay roughly here”? Imagine that I were standing with someone in a city square and said that. As I say it, I do not bother drawing any boundary,  but  just  make  a  pointing  gesture  a as  if  I  were  indicating  a  particular  spot.  And  this  is  just  how  one  might  explain  what  a  game  is. One gives examples and intends them to be taken in a particular way. a I  do  not  mean  by  this  expression,  however,  that  he  is  supposed  to see in those examples that common feature which I a for some reason a was unable to formulate, but that he is now to employ those examples in a particular way. Here giving examples is not an  indirect way of explaining a in default of a better one. For any general explanation may  be  misunderstood  too.  This,  after  all,  is  how  we  play  the  game.  (I mean the language-game with the word “game”.) 
72. Seeing what is in common. Suppose I show someone various multicoloured  pictures,  and  say:  “The  colour  you  see  in  all  these  is  called    ‘yellow ochre’.” a This is an explanation that another person will come to understand by looking for, and seeing, what is common to the pictures. Then he can look at, can point to, the common feature.  Compare  with  this  a  case  in  which  I  show  him  ﬁgures  of  different shapes, all painted the same colour, and say: “What these have in common is called ‘yellow ochre’.”  And  compare  this  case:  I  show  him  samples  of  different  shades  of blue, and say: “The colour that is common to all these is what I call ‘blue’.” 
73. When someone explains the names of colours to me by pointing at samples and saying “This colour is called ‘blue’, this ‘green’ . . .”, this case can be compared in many respects to handing me a chart with the words written under the colour samples. a Though this comparison may mislead  in  various  ways.  a One  is  now  inclined  to  extend  the  comparison: to have understood the explanation means to have in one’s mind an  idea  of  the  thing  explained,  and  that  is  a  sample  or  picture.  So  if I’m  shown  various  leaves  and  told |35| “This  is  called  a  ‘leaf ’ ”,  I  get an idea of the shape of a leaf, a picture of it in my mind. a But what does the picture of a leaf look like when it does not show us any particular shape, but rather ‘what is common to all shapes of leaf’? What shade is the ‘sample in my mind’ of the colour green a the sample of what is common to all shades of green?  “But might there not be such ‘general’ samples? Say a schematic leaf, or a sample of pure green?” a Certainly! But for such a schema to be understood as a schema, and not as the shape of a particular leaf, and for a snippet of pure green to be understood as a sample of all that is greenish,  and  not  as  a  sample  of  pure  green  a this  in  turn  resides  in the way the samples are applied.  Ask  yourself,  what  shape must  the  sample  of  the  colour  green  be? Should it be rectangular? Or would it then be the sample of green rectangles? a So should it be ‘irregular’ in shape? And what is then to prevent us from viewing it a that is, from using it a only as a sample of irregularity of shape? 
74. Here also belongs the idea that someone who views this leaf as a sample  of  ‘leaf  shape  in  general’  will  see it  differently  from  someone who views it as, say, a sample of this particular shape. Well, this might be so a though it is not so a for it would only amount to saying that, as  a  matter  of  experience,  someone  who  sees the  leaf  in  a  particular    way will then use it in such-and-such a way or according to such-andsuch rules. Of course, there is such a thing as seeing in this way or that; and there are also cases where whoever sees a sample like this will in general use it in this way, and whoever sees it otherwise in another way. For example, someone who sees the schematic drawing of a cube as a plane ﬁgure consisting of a square and two rhombi will perhaps carry out  the  order  “Bring  me  something  like  this!”  differently  from  someone who sees the picture three-dimensionally. 
75. What  does  it  mean  to  know  what  a  game  is?  What  does  it  mean to know it and not be able to say it? Is this knowledge somehow equivalent to an unformulated deﬁnition? So that if it were formulated, I’d be  able  to  recognize  it  as  the  expression  of  my  knowledge?  Isn’t  my knowledge, my concept of a game, completely expressed in the explanations that I could give? That is, in my describing examples of various  kinds  of  game,  showing  how  all  sorts  of  other  games  can  be constructed on the analogy of these, saying that I would hardly call this or that a game, and so on. |36| 
76. If  someone  were  to  draw  a  sharp  boundary,  I  couldn’t  acknowledge it as the one that I too always wanted to draw, or had drawn in my mind. For I didn’t want to draw one at all. It can then be said: his concept is not the same as mine, but akin to it. The afﬁnity is that of two pictures, one of which consists of colour patches with blurred boundaries and the other of patches similarly shaped and distributed but with sharp boundaries. The afﬁnity is just as undeniable as the difference. 
77. And if we carry this comparison a little further, it is clear that the degree  to  which  the  sharp  picture  can  resemble  the  blurred  one depends on the degree to which the latter lacks sharpness. For imagine having to draw a sharp picture ‘corresponding’ to a blurred one. In the latter there is a blurred red rectangle; you replace it with a sharp one. Of course a several such sharply delineated rectangles could be drawn to correspond to the blurred one. a But if the colours in the original shade  into  one  another  without  a  hint  of  any  boundary,  won’t  it become a hopeless task to draw a sharp picture corresponding to the blurred  one?  Won’t  you  then  have  to  say:  “Here  I  might  just  as  well draw a circle as a rectangle or a heart, for all the colours merge. Anything a and nothing a is right.” —– And this is the position in which, for example,  someone  ﬁnds  himself  in  ethics  or  aesthetics  when  he  looks for deﬁnitions that correspond to our concepts.    In this sort of predicament, always ask yourself: How did we learn the  meaning  of  this  word  (“good”,  for  instance)?  From  what  sort  of examples?  In  what  language-games?  Then  it  will  be  easier  for  you  to see that the word must have a family of meanings. 
78. Compare knowing and saying:  how many metres high Mont Blanc is a how the word “game” is used a how a clarinet sounds.  Someone  who  is  surprised  that  one  can  know  something  and  not  be able to say it is perhaps thinking of a case like the ﬁrst. Certainly not of one like the third. 
79. Consider this example: if one says “Moses did not exist”, this may mean various things. It may mean: the Israelites did not have a single leader when they came out of Egypt —– or: their leader was not called Moses —– or: there wasn’t anyone who accomplished all that the Bible relates of Moses —– or: . . . a According to Russell, we may say: the name  “Moses”  can  be  deﬁned  by  |37| means  of  various  descriptions. For  example,  as  “the  man  who  led  the  Israelites  through  the  wilderness”, “the man who lived at that time and place and was then called ‘Moses’ ”, “the man who as a child was taken out of the Nile by Pharaoh’s daughter”,  and  so  on.  And  according  as  we  accept  one  deﬁnition  or another, the sentence “Moses did exist” acquires a different sense, and so  does  every  other  sentence  about  Moses.  a And  if  we  are  told  “N did not exist”, we do ask: “What do you mean? Do you want to say . . . or . . .and so on?”  But  if  I  make  a  statement  about  Moses,  am  I  always  ready  to  substitute some one of these descriptions for “Moses”? I shall perhaps say: By “Moses” I mean the man who did what the Bible relates of Moses, or at any rate much of it. But how much? Have I decided how much must turn out to be false for me to give up my proposition as false? So is my use of the name “Moses” ﬁxed and determined for all possible cases?  a Isn’t  it  like  this,  that  I  have,  so  to  speak,  a  whole  series  of props in readiness, and am ready to lean on one if another should be taken from under me, and vice versa? —– Consider yet another case. If  I  say  “N  is  dead”,  then  something  like  the  following  may  hold  for      the meaning of the name “N”: I believe that a human being has lived, whom (1) I have seen in such-and-such places, who (2) looked like this (pictures),  (3)  has  done  such-and-such  things,  and  (4)  bore  the  name “N” in civic life. a Asked what I mean by “N”, I’d enumerate all or some of these points, and different ones on different occasions. So my deﬁnition of “N” would perhaps be “the man of whom all this is true”. a But if some point were now to turn out to be false? a Would I be prepared to declare the proposition “N is dead” false a even if what has  turned  out  to  be  false  is  only  something  which  strikes  me  as insigniﬁcant? But where are the boundaries of what is insigniﬁcant? a If I had given an explanation of the name in such a case, I’d now be ready to alter it.  And this can be expressed as follows: I use the name “N” without a ﬁxed meaning. (But that impairs its use as little as the use of a table is impaired by the fact that it stands on four legs instead of three and so sometimes wobbles.)  Should it be said that I’m using a word whose meaning I don’t know, and so am talking nonsense? a Say what you please, so long as it does not prevent you from seeing how things are. (And when you see that, there will be some things that you won’t say.)  (The ﬂuctuation of scientiﬁc deﬁnitions: what today counts as an |38| observed concomitant of phenomenon A will tomorrow be used to deﬁne “A”.) 
80. I say, “There is a chair over there”. What if I go to fetch it, and it suddenly  disappears  from  sight?  —–  “So  it  wasn’t  a  chair,  but  some kind of illusion.” —– But a few seconds later, we see it again and are able to touch it, and so on. —– “So the chair was there after all, and its disappearance was some kind of illusion.” —– But suppose that after a time it disappears again a or seems to disappear. What are we to say now? Have you rules ready for such cases a rules saying whether such a thing is still to be called a “chair”? But do we miss them when we use the word “chair”? And are we to say that we do not really attach any meaning to this word, because we are not equipped with rules for every possible application of it?   
81.  F.  P.  Ramsey  once  emphasized  in  conversation  with  me  that  logic was a ‘normative science’. I do not know exactly what idea he had in mind,  but  it  was  doubtless  closely  related  to  one  that  dawned  on  me only later: namely, that in philosophy we often compare the use of words    with games, calculi with ﬁxed rules, but cannot say that someone who is using language must be playing such a game. —– But if someone says that our languages only approximate to such calculi, he is standing on the very brink of a misunderstanding. For then it may look as if what we were talking about in logic were an ideal language. As if our logic were, so to speak, a logic for a vacuum. a Whereas logic does not treat of language a or of thought a in the sense in which a natural science treats of a natural phenomenon, and the most that can be said is that we construct ideal languages. But here the word “ideal” is liable to mislead, for it sounds as if these languages were better, more perfect, than our everyday language; and as if it took a logician to show people at last what a proper sentence looks like.  All  this,  however,  can  appear  in  the  right  light  only  when  one  has attained greater clarity about the concepts of understanding, meaning something, and thinking. For it will then also become clear what may mislead us (and did mislead me) into thinking that if anyone utters a sentence and means or understands it, he is thereby operating a calculus according to deﬁnite rules.   
82. What  do  I  call  ‘the  rule  according  to  which  he  proceeds’?  a The hypothesis that satisfactorily describes his use of words, which we observe; or the rule which he looks up when he uses signs; or the one which he |39| gives us in reply if we ask him what his rule is? a But what if observation  does  not  clearly  reveal  any  rule,  and  the  question  brings  none to light? a For he did indeed give me an explanation when I asked him what he meant by “N”, but he was prepared to withdraw this explanation and alter it. a So how am I to determine the rule according to which  he  is  playing?  He  does  not  know  it  himself.  a Or,  more  correctly, what is left for the expression “the rule according to which he proceeds” to say? 
83. Doesn’t the analogy between language and games throw light here? We can easily imagine people amusing themselves in a ﬁeld by playing with  a  ball  like  this:  starting  various  existing  games,  but  playing  several without ﬁnishing them, and in between throwing the ball aimlessly into the air, chasing one another with the ball, throwing it at one another for  a  joke,  and  so  on.  And  now  someone  says:  The  whole  time  they are playing a ball-game and therefore are following deﬁnite rules at every throw.    And  is  there  not  also  the  case  where  we  play,  and  make  up  the  rules  as  we  go  along?  And  even  where  we  alter  them  a as  we  go  along. 
84. Speaking of the application of a word, I said that it is not everywhere bounded by rules. But what does a game look like that is everywhere  bounded  by  rules?  whose  rules  never  let  a  doubt  creep  in,  but stop up all the gaps where it might? a Can’t we imagine a rule regulating the application of a rule; and a doubt which it removes a and so on?  But that is not to say that we are in doubt because it is possible for us to imagine a doubt. I can easily imagine someone always doubting before he opened his front door whether an abyss did not yawn behind it, and making sure about it before he went through the door (and he might on some occasion prove to be right) a but for all that, I do not doubt in such a case.   
85. A  rule  stands  there  like  a  signpost.  a Does  the  signpost  leave  no doubt about the way I have to go? Does it show which direction I am to take when I have passed it, whether along the road or the footpath or cross-country? But where does it say which way I am to follow it; whether in the direction of its ﬁnger or (for example) in the opposite one? a And if there were not a single signpost, but a sequence of signposts or chalk marks on the ground a is there only one way of interpreting them? a So I can say that the signpost does after all |40| leave room  for  doubt.  Or  rather,  it  sometimes  leaves  room  for  doubt,  and sometimes not. And now this is no longer a philosophical proposition, but an empirical one. 
86. Imagine a language-game like (2) played with the help of a chart. The signs A gives to B are now written ones. B has a chart; in the ﬁrst column are the signs used in the game, in the second, pictures of different shapes of building stones. A shows B such a written sign; B looks it up in the chart, looks at the picture opposite, and so on. So the chart is a rule which he follows in carrying out orders. a One learns to look up the picture in the chart by being trained, and part of this training may well consist in the pupil’s learning to pass with his ﬁnger horizontally from left to right; and so, as it were, to draw a series of horizontal lines on the chart.  Suppose different ways of reading a chart were now introduced; one  time, as above, according to the schema:    another time according to this schema:    or some other one. a Such a schema is added to the chart as a rule for its use.  Can  we  not  now  imagine  further  rules  to  explain  this one?  And,  on  the  other  hand,  was  that  ﬁrst  chart  incomplete  without  the  schema of arrows? And are the other charts incomplete without their schemata? 
87. Suppose I give this explanation: “I take ‘Moses’ to mean the man, if there was such a man, who led the Israelites out of Egypt, whatever he  was  called  then  and  whatever  he  may  or  may  not  have  done besides.” a But similar doubts to those about the name “Moses” are possible  about  the  words  of  this  explanation  (what  are  you  calling “Egypt”, whom the “Israelites”, and so forth?). These questions would not even come to an end when we got down to words like “red”, “dark”, “sweet”. a “But then how does an explanation help me to understand, |41| if, after all, it is not the ﬁnal one? In that case the explanation is never completed; so I still don’t understand what he means, and never shall!” a As though an explanation, as it were, hung in the air unless supported by another one. Whereas an explanation may indeed rest on another one that has been given, but none stands in need of another a unless  we require  it  to  avoid  a  misunderstanding.  One  might  say:  an explanation serves to remove or to prevent a misunderstanding —– one, that is, that would arise if not for the explanation, but not every misunderstanding that I can imagine.  It  may  easily  look  as  if  every  doubt  merely  revealed a  gap  in  the  foundations;  so  that  secure  understanding  is  possible  only  if  we  ﬁrst doubt everything that can be doubted, and then remove all these doubts.  The signpost is in order a if, under normal circumstances, it fulﬁls  its purpose.   
88. If I tell someone “Stay roughly here” a may this explanation not work perfectly? And may not any other one fail too?  “But  still,  isn’t  it  an  inexact  explanation?”  a Yes,  why  shouldn’t  one  call  it  “inexact”?  Only  let’s  understand  what  “inexact”  means!  For  it  does  not  mean  “unusable”.  And  let’s  consider  what  we  call  an “exact” explanation in contrast to this one. Perhaps like drawing a boundary-line  around  a  region  with  chalk?  Here  it  strikes  us  at  once that the line has breadth. So a colour edge would be more exact. But has  this  exactness  still  got  a  function  here:  isn’t  it  running  idle? Moreover, we haven’t yet laid down what is to count as overstepping this  sharp  boundary;  how,  with  what  instruments,  it  is  to  be  ascertained. And so on.  We  understand  what  it  means  to  set  a  pocket-watch  to  the  exact  time,  or  to  regulate  it  to  be  exact.  But  what  if  it  were  asked:  Is  this exactness ideal exactness? Or: How nearly does it approach the ideal? a Of  course  we  can  speak  of  measurements  of  time  in  which  there  is  a  different,  and  as  we  should  say  a  greater,  exactness  than  in  the  measurement  of  time  by  a  pocket-watch;  in  which  the  words  “to  set the clock to the exact time” have a different, though related, meaning and ‘to tell the time’ is a different process, and so on. a Now, if I tell someone: “You should come to dinner more punctually; you know it begins  at  one  o’clock  exactly”  a is  there  really  no  question  of  exactness here? After all, one can say: “Think of the determination of time in  the  laboratory  or  the  observatory; there you  see  what  ‘exactness’ means.” |42|  “Inexact” is really a reproach, and “exact” is praise. And that is to say  that  what  is  inexact  attains  its  goal  less  perfectly  than  does  what is more exact. So it all depends on what we call “the goal”. Is it inexact when I don’t give our distance from the sun to the nearest metre, or tell a joiner the width of a table to the nearest thousandth of a millimetre?  No single ideal of exactness has been envisaged; we do not know what we are to make of this idea a unless you yourself stipulate what is to be  so  called.  But  you’ll  ﬁnd  it  difﬁcult  to  make  such  a  stipulation  a one that satisﬁes you.     
89. With these considerations we ﬁnd ourselves facing the problem: In what way is logic something sublime?  For logic seemed to have a peculiar depth a a universal signiﬁcance. Logic lay, it seemed, at the foundation of all the sciences. a For logical    investigation  explores  the  essence  of  all  things.  It  seeks  to  see  to  the foundation of things, and shouldn’t concern itself whether things actually  happen  in  this  or  that  way.  —–  It  arises  neither  from  an  interest in the facts of nature, nor from a need to grasp causal connections, but from an urge to understand the foundations, or essence, of everything empirical.  Not,  however,  as  if  to  this  end  we  had  to  hunt  out  new  facts;  it  is,  rather,  essential  to  our  investigation  that  we  do  not  seek  to learn anything new by it. We want to understand something that is already  in  plain  view.  For  this is  what  we  seem  in  some  sense  not  to understand.  Augustine says in Confessions XI. 14, “quid est ergo tempus? si nemo ex me quaerat scio; si quaerenti explicare velim, nescio”. a This could not be said about a question of natural science (“What is the speciﬁc gravity of hydrogen?”, for instance). Something that one knows when nobody asks one, but no longer knows when one is asked to explain it, is something that has to be called to mind. (And it is obviously something which, for some reason, it is difﬁcult to call to mind.) 
90. We feel as if we had to see right into phenomena: yet our investigation is directed not towards phenomena, but rather, as one might say, towards the ‘possibilities’ of phenomena. What that means is that we call  to  mind  the  kinds  of  statement  that  we  make  about  phenomena. So too, Augustine calls to mind the different statements that are made about the duration of events, about their being past, present or future. (These are, of course, not philosophical statements about time, the past, the present and the future.) |43|  Our inquiry is therefore a grammatical one. And this inquiry sheds light  on  our  problem  by  clearing  misunderstandings  away.  Misunderstandings  concerning  the  use  of  words,  brought  about,  among  other things, by certain analogies between the forms of expression in different regions of our language. a Some of them can be removed by substituting one form of expression for another; this may be called ‘analysing’ our  forms  of  expression,  for  sometimes  this  procedure  resembles  taking a thing apart. 
91. But now it may come to look as if there were something like a ﬁnal analysis of our linguistic expressions, and so a single completely analysed form of every expression. That is, as if our usual forms of expression were, essentially, still unanalysed; as if there were something hidden in them that had to be brought to light. As if, when this is done, the expression is completely clariﬁed and our task accomplished.    It may also be put like this: we eliminate misunderstandings by making our expressions more exact; but now it may look as if we were aiming  at  a  particular  state,  a  state  of  complete  exactness,  and  as  if  this were the real goal of our investigation.     
92. This ﬁnds expression in the question of the essence of language, of propositions, of thought. a For although we, in our investigations, are trying  to  understand  the  nature  of  language  a its  function,  its  structure  a yet this is  not  what  that  question  has  in  view.  For  it  sees  the essence of things not as something that already lies open to view, and that  becomes  surveyable through  a  process  of  ordering,  but  as  something  that  lies  beneath the  surface.  Something  that  lies  within,  which we perceive when we see right into the thing, and which an analysis is supposed to unearth.  ‘The  essence  is  hidden  from  us’:  this  is  the  form  our  problem  now assumes. We ask: “What is language?”, “What is a proposition?” And the answer to these questions is to be given once for all, and independently of any future experience. 
93. One person might say, “A proposition is the most ordinary thing in  the  world”,  and  another,  “A  proposition  a that’s  something  very remarkable!” —– And the latter is unable simply to look and see how propositions work. For the forms of the expressions we use in talking about propositions and thought stand in his way.  Why do we say that a proposition is something remarkable? On the one  hand,  because  of  the  enormous  importance  attaching  to  it.  (And that  is  correct.)  On  the  other  hand,  this  importance,  together  with  a misunderstanding |44| of  the  logic  of  language,  seduces  us  into  thinking that something extraordinary, even unique, must be achieved by propositions. a A misunderstanding makes it look to us as if a proposition did something strange.   
94. ‘Remarkable things, propositions!’ Here we already have the sublimation of our whole account of logic. The tendency to assume a pure intermediary between the propositional sign and the facts. Or even to try to purify, to sublimate, the sign itself. a For our forms of expression,  which  send  us  in  pursuit  of  chimeras,  prevent  us  in  all  sorts  of ways from seeing that nothing extraordinary is involved.   
95. “Thinking  must  be  something  unique.”  When  we  say,  mean,  that  such-and-such  is  the  case,  then,  with  what  we  mean,  we  do  not    stop  anywhere  short  of  the  fact,  but  mean:  such-and-such  b is  b thus-and-so. b But this paradox (which indeed has the form of a truism) can also be expressed in this way: one can think what is not the case. 
96. Other  illusions  come  from  various  quarters  to  join  the  particular one  spoken  of  here.  Thought,  language,  now  appear  to  us  as  the unique correlate, picture, of the world. These concepts: proposition, language,  thought,  world,  stand  in  line  one  behind  the  other,  each  equivalent  to  each.  (But  what  are  these  words  to  be  used  for  now?  The  language-game in which they are to be applied is missing.)     
97. Thinking is surrounded by a nimbus. a Its essence, logic, presents an order: namely, the a priori order of the world; that is, the order of possibilities, which the world and thinking must have in common. But this order, it seems, must be utterly simple. It is prior to all experience, must run through all experience; no empirical cloudiness or uncertainty may  attach  to  it.  —–  It  must  rather  be  of  the  purest  crystal.  But  this crystal  does  not  appear  as  an  abstraction,  but  as  something  concrete, indeed, as the most concrete, as it were the hardest thing there is (Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus 5.5563).  We are under the illusion that what is peculiar, profound and essential to us in our investigation resides in its trying to grasp the incomparable  essence  of  language.  That  is,  the  order  existing  between  the concepts of proposition, word, inference, truth, experience, and so forth. This  order  is  a  super-order  between  a so  to  speak  a super-concepts. Whereas, in fact, if the words “language”, “experience”, “world” have a use, it must be as humble a one as that of the words “table”, “lamp”, “door”. |45| 
98. On the one hand, it is clear that every sentence in our language ‘is in order as it is’. That is to say, we are not striving after an ideal, as if our ordinary vague sentences had not yet got a quite unexceptionable sense, and a perfect language still had to be constructed by us. a On the other hand, it seems clear that where there is sense, there must be perfect  order.  —–  So  there  must  be  perfect  order  even  in  the  vaguest sentence. 
99. The sense of a sentence a one would like to say a may, of course, leave this or that open, but the sentence must nevertheless have a determinate sense. An indeterminate sense a that would really not be a sense    at all. a This is similar to: a boundary which is not sharply deﬁned is not really a boundary at all. Here one thinks something like this: if I say “I have locked the man up in the room a there is only one door left open” a then I simply haven’t locked him up at all; his being locked up is a sham. One would be inclined to say here: “So you haven’t accomplished  anything  at  all.”  An  enclosure  with  a  hole  in  it  is  as  good  as none. a But is that really true?   
100. “Still, it isn’t a game at all, if there is some vagueness in the rules.” But is it really not a game, then? a “Well, perhaps you’ll call it a game, but  at  any  rate  it  isn’t  a  perfect  game.”  This  means:  then  it  has  been contaminated, and what I am interested in now is what it was that was contaminated. a But I want to say: we misunderstand the role played by the ideal in our language. That is to say: we too would call it a game, only  we  are  dazzled  by  the  ideal,  and  therefore  fail  to  see  the  actual application of the word “game” clearly. 
101. We  want  to  say  that  there  can’t  be  any  vagueness  in  logic.  The idea now absorbs us that the ideal ‘must’ occur in reality. At the same time, one doesn’t as yet see how it occurs there, and doesn’t understand the nature of this “must”. We think the ideal must be in reality; for we think we already see it there. 
102. The strict and clear rules for the logical construction of a proposition  appear  to  us  as  something  in  the  background  a hidden  in  the medium of understanding. I already see them (even though through a medium), for I do understand the sign, I mean something by it. 
103. The ideal, as we conceive of it, is unshakable. You can’t step outside  it.  You  must  always  turn  back.  There  is  no  outside;  outside  you cannot breathe. a How come? The idea is like a pair of glasses on our nose through which we see whatever we look at. It never occurs to us to take them off. |46| 
104. One predicates of the thing what lies in the mode of representation. We take the possibility of comparison, which impresses us, as the perception of a highly general state of affairs.    Faraday in The Chemical History of a Candle: “Water is one individual thing a it never changes.” |p. 46 n.|   
105. When we believe that we have to ﬁnd that order, the ideal, in our actual language, we become dissatisﬁed with what are ordinarily called “sentences”, “words”, “signs”.  The sentence and the word that logic deals with are supposed to be something  pure  and  clear-cut.  And  now  we  rack  our  brains  over  the nature of the real sign. a Is it perhaps the idea of the sign? Or the idea at the present moment? 
106. Here it is difﬁcult to keep our heads above water, as it were, to see that we must stick to matters of everyday thought, and not to get on  the  wrong  track  where  it  seems  that  we  have  to  describe  extreme subtleties, which again we are quite unable to describe with the means at our disposal. We feel as if we had to repair a torn spider’s web with our ﬁngers. 
107. The  more  closely  we  examine  actual  language,  the  greater becomes the conﬂict between it and our requirement. (For the crystalline purity of logic was, of course, not something I had discovered: it was a requirement.) The conﬂict becomes intolerable; the requirement is now in danger of becoming vacuous. a We have got on to slippery ice where there is no friction, and so, in a certain sense, the conditions are ideal; but also, just because of that, we are unable to walk. We want to walk: so we need friction. Back to the rough ground! 
108. We see that what we call “proposition”, “language”, has not the formal unity that I imagined, but is a family of structures more or less akin  to  one  another.  —–  But  what  becomes  of  logic  now?  Its  rigour seems to be giving way here. a But in that case doesn’t logic altogether disappear? a For how can logic lose its rigour? Of course not by our bargaining any of its rigour out of it. a The preconception of crystalline purity can only be removed by turning our whole inquiry around. (One might say: the inquiry must be turned around, but on the pivot of our real need. |47|    The  sense  in  which  philosophy  of  logic  speaks  of  sentences  and words is no different from that in which we speak of them in ordinary  life  when  we  say,  for  example,  “What  is  written  here  is  a Chinese sentence”, or “No, that only looks like writing; it’s actually just ornamental”, and so on.  We’re  talking  about  the  spatial  and  temporal  phenomenon  of language,  not  about  some  non-spatial,  atemporal  non-entity. [Only it is possible to be interested in a phenomenon in a variety of ways]. But we talk about it as we do about the pieces in chess when we are stating the rules for their moves, not describing their physical properties.  The question “What is a word really?” is analogous to “What  is a piece in chess?” |§108(b)–(d)| 
109. It was correct that our considerations must not be scientiﬁc ones. The  feeling  ‘that  it  is  possible,  contrary  to  our  preconceived  ideas,  to think this or that’ a whatever that may mean a could be of no interest  to  us.  (The  pneumatic  conception  of  thinking.)  And  we  may  not advance any kind of theory. There must not be anything hypothetical in our considerations. All explanation must disappear, and description alone  must  take  its  place.  And  this  description  gets  its  light  a that  is to  say,  its  purpose  a from  the  philosophical  problems.  These  are,  of course, not empirical problems; but they are solved through an insight into the workings of our language, and that in such a way that these workings are recognized a despite an urge to misunderstand them. The problems  are  solved,  not  by  coming  up  with  new  discoveries,  but  by assembling what we have long been familiar with. Philosophy is a struggle against the bewitchment of our understanding by the resources of our language. 
110. “Language (or thinking) is something unique” a this proves to be a superstition (not a mistake!), itself produced by grammatical illusions. And  now  the  impressiveness  retreats  to  these  illusions,  to  the   problems. 
111. The problems arising through a misinterpretation of our forms of language have the character of depth. They are deep disquietudes; they    are  as  deeply  rooted  in  us  as  the  forms  of  our  language,  and  their signiﬁcance is as great as the importance of our language. —– Let’s ask ourselves: why do we feel a grammatical joke to be deep? (And that is what the depth of philosophy is.) 
112. A  simile  that  has  been  absorbed  into  the  forms  of  our  language produces a false appearance which disquiets us. “But this isn’t how it is!” a we say. “Yet this is how it has to be!” |48| 
113. “But  this is  how  it  is  a a a”,  I  say  to  myself  over  and  over  again. I feel as though, if only I could ﬁx my gaze absolutely sharply on this fact and get it into focus, I could not but grasp the essence of the matter. 
114. Tractatus  Logico-Philosophicus (4.5):  “The  general  form  of propositions is: This is how things are.” —– That is the kind of proposition one repeats to oneself countless times. One thinks that one is tracing  nature  over  and  over  again,  and  one  is  merely  tracing  round the frame through which we look at it. 
115. A  picture held  us  captive.  And  we  couldn’t  get  outside  it,  for  it  lay  in  our  language,  and  language  seemed  only  to  repeat  it  to  us  inexorably. 
116. When  philosophers  use  a  word  a “knowledge”,  “being”, “object”,  “I”,  “proposition/sentence”,  “name”  a and  try  to  grasp  the  essence of  the  thing,  one  must  always  ask  oneself:  is  the  word  ever  actually  used  in  this  way  in  the  language  in  which  it  is  at  home? a  What we do is to bring words back from their metaphysical to their  everyday use. 
117. I am told: “You understand this expression, don’t you? Well then a I’m using it with the meaning you’re familiar with.” As if the meaning  were  an  aura  the  word  brings  along  with  it  and  retains  in  every kind of use.  (If, for example, someone says that the sentence “This is here” (saying which he points to an object in front of him) makes sense to him, then he should ask himself in what special circumstances this sentence is actually used. There it does make sense.)   
118. Where does this investigation get its importance from, given that it seems only to destroy everything interesting: that is, all that is great and important? (As it were, all the buildings, leaving behind only bits of stone and rubble.) But what we are destroying are only houses of cards, and we are clearing up the ground of language on which they stood. 
119. The results of philosophy are the discovery of some piece of plain nonsense and the bumps that the understanding has got by running up against the limits of language. They a these bumps a make us see the value of that discovery. 
120. When I talk about language (word, sentence, etc.), I must speak the language of every day. So is this language too coarse, too material, for what we want to say? Well then, how is another one to be |49| constructed? a And how extraordinary that we should be able to do anything at all with the one we have!  In giving explanations, I already have to use language full-blown (not some sort of preparatory, provisional one); this is enough to show that I can come up only with externalities about language.  Yes,  but  then  how  can  these  observations  satisfy  us?  a Well,  your very questions were framed in this language; they had to be expressed in this language, if there was anything to ask!  And your scruples are misunderstandings. Your questions refer to words; so I have to talk about words. People say: it’s not the word that counts, but its meaning, thinking of the meaning as a thing of the same kind as the word, even though different  from  the  word.  Here  the  word,  there  the  meaning.  The money, and the cow one can buy with it. (On the other hand, however: money, and what can be done with it.) 
121. One  might  think:  if  philosophy  speaks  of  the  use  of  the  word  “philosophy”,  there  must  be  a  second-order  philosophy.  But  that’s  not the way it is; it is, rather, like the case of orthography, which deals with  the  word  “orthography”  among  others  without  then  being  second-order.   
122. A main source of our failure to understand is that we don’t have an  overview of  the  use  of  our  words.  a Our  grammar  is  deﬁcient  in surveyability. A surveyable representation produces precisely that kind of understanding which consists in ‘seeing connections’. Hence the importance of ﬁnding and inventing intermediate links.    The  concept  of  a  surveyable  representation  is  of  fundamental  signiﬁcance  for  us.  It  characterizes  the  way  we  represent  things,  how  we look at matters. (Is this a ‘Weltanschauung’?) 
123. A  philosophical  problem  has  the  form:  “I  don’t  know  my  way about.” 
124. Philosophy must not interfere in any way with the actual use of language, so it can in the end only describe it.  For it cannot justify it either. It leaves everything as it is. It  also  leaves  mathematics  as  it  is,  and  no  mathematical  discovery can advance it. A “leading problem of mathematical logic” is for us a problem of mathematics like any other. |50|   
125. It is not the business of philosophy to resolve a contradiction by means of a mathematical or logico-mathematical discovery, but to render surveyable the state of mathematics that troubles us a the state of affairs  before the  contradiction  is  resolved.  (And  in  doing  this  one  is not sidestepping a difﬁculty.)  Here  the  fundamental  fact  is  that  we  lay  down  rules,  a  technique, for  playing  a  game,  and  that  then,  when  we  follow  the  rules,  things don’t turn out as we had assumed. So that we are, as it were, entangled in our own rules.  This entanglement in our rules is what we want to understand: that  is, to survey.  It  throws  light  on  our  concept  of  meaning  something.  For  in  those cases, things turn out otherwise than we had meant, foreseen. That is just what we say when, for example, a contradiction appears: “That’s not the way I meant it.”  The civic status of a contradiction, or its status in civic life a that is  the philosophical problem. 
126. Philosophy just puts everything before us, and neither explains nor deduces anything. a Since everything lies open to view, there is nothing to explain. For whatever may be hidden is of no interest to us.  The name “philosophy” might also be given to what is possible before  all new discoveries and inventions.   
127. The work of the philosopher consists in marshalling recollections for a particular purpose.   
128. If someone were to advance theses in philosophy, it would never be possible to debate them, because everyone would agree to them. 
129. The  aspects  of  things  that  are  most  important  for  us  are  hidden because of their simplicity and familiarity. (One is unable to notice something a because it is always before one’s eyes.) The real foundations of their  inquiry  do  not  strike  people  at  all.  Unless  that fact  has  at  some time struck them. a And this means: we fail to be struck by what, once seen, is most striking and most powerful. 
130. Our clear and simple language-games are not preliminary studies for  a  future  regimentation  of  language  a as  it  were,  ﬁrst  approximations,  ignoring  friction  and  air  resistance.  Rather,  the  languagegames stand there as objects of comparison which, through similarities and  dissimilarities,  are  meant  to  throw  light  on  features  of  our  language. |51| 
131. For  we  can  avoid  unfairness  or  vacuity  in  our  assertions  only  by presenting the model as what it is, as an object of comparison a as a  sort  of  yardstick;  not  as  a  preconception  to  which  reality  must correspond.  (The  dogmatism  into  which  we  fall  so  easily  in  doing  philosophy.) 
132. We want to establish an order in our knowledge of the use of language: an order for a particular purpose, one out of many possible orders, not the order. For this purpose we shall again and again emphasize distinctions  which  our  ordinary  forms  of  language  easily  make  us  overlook.  This  may  make  it  appear  as  if  we  saw  it  as  our  task  to  reform language.  Such a reform for particular practical purposes, an improvement in our terminology designed to prevent misunderstandings in practice, may well be possible. But these are not the cases we are dealing with. The confusions which occupy us arise when language is, as it were, idling, not when it is doing work. 
133. We  don’t  want  to  reﬁne  or  complete  the  system  of  rules  for  the use of our words in unheard-of ways.  For the clarity that we are aiming at is indeed complete clarity. But this  simply  means  that  the  philosophical  problems  should  completely disappear.    The real discovery is the one that enables me to break off philosophizing when I want to. a The one that gives philosophy peace, so that it  is  no  longer  tormented  by  questions  which  bring  itself in  question. a Instead, a method is now demonstrated by examples, and the series of examples can be broken off. —– Problems are solved (difﬁculties eliminated), not a single problem.  There  is  not  a  single philosophical  method,  though  there  are indeed methods, different therapies, as it were. |§133d| 
134. Let’s examine the sentence “This is how things are”. a How can I say that this is the general form of propositions? a It is ﬁrst and foremost itself  a  sentence,  an  English  sentence,  for  it  has  a  subject  and  a predicate. But how is this sentence applied a that is, in our everyday language? For I got it from there, and nowhere else.  We say, for example, “He explained his position to me, said that this was  how  things  were,  and  that  therefore  he  needed  an  advance”.  So far, then, one can say that this sentence stands for some statement or other. It is employed as a propositional schema, but only because it has the  |52| construction  of  an  English  sentence.  One  could  easily  say instead “such-and-such is the case”, “things are thus-and-so”, and so on. One could also simply use a letter, a variable, as in symbolic logic. But  surely  no  one  is  going  to  call  the  letter  “p”  the  general  form  of propositions.  To  repeat:  “This  is  how  things  are”  had  that  role  only because it is itself what one calls an English sentence. But though it is a sentence, still it gets used as a propositional variable. To say that it agrees (or does not agree) with reality would be obvious nonsense, and so  it  illustrates  the  fact  that  one  feature  of  our  concept  of  a  proposition is sounding like one. 
135. But  haven’t  we  got  a  concept  of  what  a  proposition  is,  of  what we understand by “proposition”? a Indeed, we do; just as we also have a concept of what we understand by “game”. Asked what a proposition is a whether it is another person or ourselves that we have to answer a we’ll give examples, and these will include what one may call an inductive series of propositions. So, it is in this way that we have a concept of a proposition. (Compare the concept of a proposition with the concept of number.)   
136. At  bottom,  giving  “This  is  how  things  are”  as  the  general  form of propositions is the same as giving the explanation: a proposition is whatever can be true or false. For instead of “This is how things are”, I could just as well have said “Such-and-such is true”. (Or again, “Suchand-such is false”.) But  ‘p’ is true = p ‘p’ is false = not-p.  And to say that a proposition is whatever can be true or false amounts to saying: we call something a proposition if in our language we apply the calculus of truth functions to it.  Now  it  looks  as  if  the  explanation  a a  proposition  is  whatever  can be true or false a determined what a proposition was, by saying: what  ﬁts  the  concept  ‘true’,  or  what  the  concept  ‘true’  ﬁts,  is  a  proposition.  So  it  is  as  if  we  had  a  concept  of  true  and  false,  which  we  could  use  to  ascertain  what  is,  and  what  is  not,  a  proposition.  What  engages with  the  concept  of  truth  (as  with  a  cog-wheel)  is  a  proposition.  But this is a bad picture. It is as if one were to say “The chess king is the piece that one puts in check”. But this can mean no more than that in our game of chess only the king is put in check. Just as the proposition that only a proposition can be true can say no more than |53| that we predicate “true” and “false” only of what we call a proposition. And what a proposition is, is in one sense determined by the rules of sentence formation (in English, for example), and in another sense by the use of the sign in the language-game. And the use of the words “true” and “false” may also be a constituent part of this game; and we treat it as belonging to our concept ‘proposition’, but it doesn’t ‘ﬁt’ it. As we might also say, check belongs to our concept of the chess king (as, so to speak, a constituent part of it). To say that check did not ﬁt our  concept  of  the  pawns  would  mean  that  a  game  in  which  pawns were checked, in which, say, the player who lost his pawns lost the game, would  be  uninteresting  or  stupid  or  too  complicated  or  something  of the kind. 
137. What about learning to determine the subject of a sentence by means of  the  question  “Who  or  what . . . ?”  a Here,  surely,  there  is  such  a thing  as  the  subject’s  ‘ﬁtting’  this  question;  for  otherwise  how  should we ﬁnd out what the subject was by means of the question? We ﬁnd it    out much as we ﬁnd out which letter of the alphabet comes after ‘K’ by saying the alphabet up to ‘K’ to ourselves. Now in what sense does ‘L’ ﬁt this series of letters? a In that sense “true” and “false” could be said to ﬁt propositions; and a child might be taught to distinguish propositions from other expressions by being told “Ask yourself if you can say ‘is true’ after it. If these words ﬁt, it’s a proposition”. (And in the same way one might have said: Ask yourself if you can put the words “This is how things are:” in front of it.) 
138. But can’t the meaning of a word that I understand ﬁt the sense of a sentence that I understand? Or the meaning of one word ﬁt the meaning  of  another?  —–  Of  course,  if  the  meaning  is  the  use  we  make  of the word, it makes no sense to speak of such ﬁtting. But we understand the meaning of a word when we hear or say it; we grasp the meaning at a stroke, and what we grasp in this way is surely something different from the ‘use’ which is extended in time! |54|    Must  I  know whether  I  understand  a  word?  Don’t  I  also  sometimes think I understand a word (as I may think I understand a method of calculation) and then realize that I did not understand it?  (“I  thought  I  knew  what  ‘relative’  and  ‘absolute’  motion meant, but I see that I don’t know.”) |p. 53 n.| 
139. When someone says the word “cube” to me, for example, I know what it means. But can the whole use of the word come before my mind when I understand it in this way?  Yes; but on the other hand, isn’t the meaning of the word also determined  by  this  use?  And  can  these  ways  of  determining  meaning conﬂict? Can what we grasp at a stroke agree with a use, ﬁt or fail to ﬁt  it?  And  how  can  what  is  present  to  us  in  an  instant,  what  comes before our mind in an instant, ﬁt a use?  What really comes before our mind when we understand a word? a  Isn’t it something like a picture? Can’t it be a picture?  Well, suppose that a picture does come before your mind when you hear the word “cube”, say the drawing of a cube. In what way can this    picture ﬁt or fail to ﬁt a use of the word “cube”? a Perhaps you say: “It’s  quite  simple;  if  that  picture  occurs  to  me  and  I  point  to  a  triangular prism for instance, and say it is a cube, then this use of the word doesn’t ﬁt the picture.” a But doesn’t it ﬁt? I have purposely so chosen the example that it is quite easy to imagine a method of projection according to which the picture does ﬁt after all.  The picture of the cube did indeed suggest a certain use to us, but it  was also possible for me to use it differently. |55|    (a) “I believe the right word in this case is. . . .” Doesn’t this show that the meaning of a word is a Something that we have in our mind and which is, as it were, the exact picture we want to use here?  Suppose  I  were  choosing  between  the  words  “stately”, “digniﬁed”,  “proud”,  “imposing”;  isn’t  it  as  though  I  were choosing  between  drawings  in  a  portfolio?  a No;  the  fact  that  one  speaks  of  the  apt  word  does  not  show the  existence  of  a  Something  that . . .  One  is  inclined,  rather,  to  speak  of  this  picture-like Something because one can ﬁnd a word apt; because one  often  chooses  between  words  as  between  similar  but  not  identical  pictures;  because  pictures  are  often  used  instead  of words, or to illustrate words, and so on.  (b)  I  see  a  picture;  it  represents  an  old  man  walking  up  a  steep path  leaning  on  a  stick.  a How?  Might  it  not  have  looked  just the same if he had been sliding downhill in that position? Perhaps a Martian would describe the picture so. I don’t need to explain why we don’t describe it so. |p. 54 n.| 
140. Then what was the nature of my mistake a the mistake one would like to express by saying “I thought the picture forced a particular use on me?” How could I think that? What did I think? Is there a picture, or something like a picture, that forces a particular application on us; so that my mistake amounted to a confusion? a For we might also be inclined  to  express  ourselves  like  this:  we’re  at  most  under  a  psychological, not a logical, compulsion. And now, indeed, it looks as if we knew of two kinds of case.    What  was  the  effect  of  my  argument?  It  called  our  attention  to (reminded us of) the fact that there are other processes, besides the one we  originally  thought  of,  which  we  should  sometimes  be  prepared  to call  “applying  the  picture  of  a  cube”.  So  our  ‘belief  that  the  picture forced a particular application upon us’ consisted in the fact that only the  one  case  and  no  other  occurred  to  us.  “There  is  another  solution as well” means: there is something else that I’m also prepared to call a “solution”, to which I’m prepared to apply such-and-such a picture, such-and-such an analogy, and so on.  What  is  essential  now  is  to  see  that  the  same  thing  may  be  in  our  minds  when  we  hear  the  word  and  yet  the  application  still  be  different. Has it the same meaning both times? I think we would deny that. 
141. But what if not just the picture of the cube, but also the method of projection, comes before our mind? —– How am I to imagine this? a Perhaps I see before me a schema showing the method of projection: say, a picture of two cubes connected by lines of projection. a But does this really get me any further? Can’t I now imagine different applications of this schema too? —– Well, yes, but can’t an application come before my mind? a It can: only we need to become clearer about our application  of  this expression.  Suppose  I  explain  various  methods  of projection to someone, so that he may go on to apply them; let’s ask ourselves in what case we’d say that the method I mean comes before his mind.  Now evidently we accept two different kinds of criteria for this: on the one hand, the picture (of whatever kind) that he visualizes at some time  or  other;  on  the  other,  the  application  which  a in  the  course  of time a he makes of this image. (And isn’t it obvious here that it is absolutely inessential that this picture be in his imagination, rather than in front  of  him  as  a  drawing  or  model;  or  again,  as  something  that  he himself constructs as a model?) |56|  Can there be a clash between picture and application? Well, they can clash in so far as the picture makes us expect a different use; because people in general apply this picture like this.  I want to say: we have here a normal case and abnormal cases. 
142. It is only in normal cases that the use of a word is clearly laid out in advance for us; we know, are in no doubt, what we have to say in this  or  that  case.  The  more  abnormal  the  case,  the  more  doubtful  it    becomes  what  we  are  to  say.  And  if  things  were  quite  different  from what they actually are —– if there were, for instance, no characteristic expression of pain, of fear, of joy; if rule became exception, and exception rule; or if both became phenomena of roughly equal frequency —– our normal language-games would thereby lose their point. a The procedure  of  putting  a  lump  of  cheese  on  a  balance  and  ﬁxing  the  price by the turn of the scale would lose its point if it frequently happened that such lumps suddenly grew or shrank with no obvious cause. This remark will become clearer when we discuss such things as the relation of expression to feeling, and similar topics.    What we have to mention in order to explain the signiﬁcance, I mean the importance, of a concept are often extremely general facts of nature: such facts as are hardly ever mentioned because of their great generality. |p. 56 n.| 
143. Let’s  now  examine  the  following  kind  of  language-game:  when  A  gives  an  order,  B  has  to  write  down  series  of  signs  according  to  a certain formation rule.  Let  the  ﬁrst  of  these  series  be  that  of  the  natural  numbers  in  the  decimal system. a How does he come to understand this system? First of all, series of numbers are written down for him, and he is required to  copy  them.  (Don’t  balk  at  the  expression  “series  of  numbers”;  it  is  not  being  used  wrongly  here.)  And  here  already  there  is  a  normal and  an  abnormal  learner’s  reaction.  a At  ﬁrst,  perhaps,  we  guide  his hand in writing out the series 0 to 9; but then the possibility of communication will  depend  on  his  going  on  to  write  it  down  by  himself. a And here we may imagine, for example, that he does copy the ﬁgures by himself, but not in the right order: he writes sometimes one, sometimes another, at random. And at  that point communication stops. a Or  again,  he  makes  ‘mistakes’  |57| in  the  order.  a The  difference between this and the ﬁrst case will of course be one of frequency. a Or he makes a systematic mistake; for example, he copies every other number, or he copies the series 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, . . .like this: 1,  0, 3, 2, 5, 4,
. . . . Here  we shall  almost  be  tempted  to  say  that  he  has  understood us wrongly.  Notice,  however,  that  there  is  no  sharp  distinction  between  a  random and a systematic mistake. That is, between what you are inclined to call a “random” and what a “systematic” one.    Perhaps  it  is  possible  to  wean  him  from  the  systematic  mistake  (as from a bad habit). Or perhaps one accepts his way of copying and tries to  teach  him  the  normal  one  as  an  offshoot,  a  variant  of  his.  a And here too, our pupil’s ability to learn may come to an end.   
144. What do I mean when I say “the pupil’s ability to learn may come to an end here”? Do I report this from my own experience? Of course not. (Even if I have had such experience.) Then what am I doing with that  remark?  After  all,  I’d  like  you  to  say:  “Yes,  it’s  true,  one  could imagine that too, that might happen too!” a But was I trying to draw someone’s  attention  to  the  fact  that  he  is  able  to  imagine  that?  —–  I wanted to put that picture before him, and his acceptance of the picture consists in his now being inclined to regard a given case differently: that is, to compare it with this sequence of pictures. I have changed his way of looking at things. (Indian mathematicians: “Look at this!”) 
145. Suppose  the  pupil  now  writes  the  series  0 to  9 to  our  satisfaction.  a And  this  will  be  the  case  only  if  he  is  often successful,  not  if he does it right once in a hundred attempts. Now I continue to guide him through the series and draw his attention to the recurrence of the ﬁrst series in the units; and then to its recurrence in the tens. (Which means only that I use particular emphases, underline ﬁgures, write them one under another in such-and-such ways, and similar things.) a And now  at  some  point  he  continues  the  series  by  himself  a or  he  does  not. a But why do you say that? That much is obvious! a Of course; I only wished to say: the effect of any further explanation depends on his reaction.  Now, however, let us suppose that after some efforts on the teacher’s part he continues the series correctly, that is, as we do it. So now we can say that he has mastered the system. a But how far does he have to continue |58| the series correctly for us to be able rightly to say that? Clearly, you cannot state a limit here. 
146. Suppose I now ask: “Has he understood the system if he continues the series to the hundredth place?” Or, if I shouldn’t speak of ‘understanding’ in our primitive language-game: has he got the system if he continues the series correctly up to this point? a Perhaps you will say here: to have got the system (or again, to understand it) can’t consist in continuing the series up to this or that number: that is only applying one’s understanding. Understanding itself is a state which is the source of the correct use.    What is one really thinking of here? Isn’t one thinking of the derivation  of  a  series  from  its  algebraic  formula?  Or  at  least  of  something analogous? a But this is where we were before. We can indeed think of more than one application of an algebraic formula; and while every mode  of  application  can  in  turn  be  formulated  algebraically,  this,  of course,  does  not  get  us  any  further.  a The  application  is  still  a  criterion of understanding. 
147. “But how can it be? When I say I understand the rule of a series, I’m surely not saying so on the basis of the experience of having applied the algebraic formula in such-and-such a way! In my own case at any rate, I surely know that I mean such-and-such a series, no matter how far I’ve actually developed it.” a  So you mean that you know the application of the rule of the series quite  apart  from  remembering  actual  applications  to  particular  numbers. And you’ll perhaps say: “Of course! For the series is inﬁnite, and the bit of it that I could develop ﬁnite.” 
148. But  what  does  this  knowledge  consist  in?  Let  me  ask:  When do you know that application? Always? Day and night? Or only while you are actually thinking of the rule of the series? Do you know it, that is, in the same way as you know the alphabet and the multiplication table? Or is what you call ‘knowledge’ a state of consciousness or a process a say a thinking-of-something, or the like? 
149. If  one  says  that  knowing  the  ABC  is  a  state  of  the  mind,  one  is thinking of a state of an apparatus of the mind (perhaps a state of the brain) by means of which we explain the manifestations of that knowledge. Such a state is called a disposition. But it is not unobjectionable to speak |59| of a state of the mind here, inasmuch as there would then have  to  be  two  different  criteria  for  this:  ﬁnding  out  the  structure  of the apparatus, as distinct from its effects. (Nothing would be more confusing here than to use the words “conscious” and “unconscious” for the contrast between a state of consciousness and a disposition. For this pair of terms covers up a grammatical difference.)      (a)  “Understanding  a  word”:  a  state.  But  a  mental  state?  a We call dejection, excitement, pain, mental states. Carry out a grammatical investigation as follows: we say  “He felt dejected the whole day” “He was in great excitement the whole day” “He has been in pain uninterruptedly since yesterday”. a  We  also  say,  “Since  yesterday  I  have  understood  this  word.” ‘Uninterruptedly’, though? a To be sure, one can speak of an interruption  of  understanding.  But  in  what  cases?  Compare:  “When did your pains get less?” and “When did you stop understanding that word?”  (b)  What  if  one  asked:  When  can you  play  chess?  All  the  time? Or  just  while  you  are  making  a  move?  And  the  whole  of  chess during each move? a And how odd that being able to play chess should take such a short time, and a game so much longer! |p. 59 n.| 
150. The grammar of the word “know” is evidently closely related to the grammar of the words “can”, “is able to”. But also closely related to that of the word “understand”. (To have ‘mastered’ a technique.) 
151. But  there  is  also  this  use  of  the  word  “know”:  we  say  “Now  I know!” a and similarly, “Now I can do it!” and “Now I understand!” Let us imagine the following example: A writes down series of numbers;  B  watches  him  and  tries  to  ﬁnd  a  rule  for  the  number  series.  If he succeeds, he exclaims: “Now I can go on!” —– So this ability, this understanding, is something that occurs in a moment. So let us have a look: what is it that occurs here? a A has written down the numbers 1, 5, 11, 19, 29; at this point B says he knows how to go on. What happened here? Various things may have happened; for example, while A was slowly writing down one number after another, B was busy trying out  various  algebraic  formulae  on  the  numbers  which  had  been  written  down.  After  A  had  written  the  number  19,  B  tried  the  formula  an = n2 + n − 1; and the next number conﬁrmed his supposition. |60| Or again, B does not think of formulae. He watches, with a certain feeling of tension, how A writes his numbers down, while all sorts of vague thoughts ﬂoat through his head. Finally he asks himself, “What is the series of differences?” He ﬁnds: 4, 6, 8, 10, and says: “Now I can go on.”    Or he watches and says, “Yes, I know that series” a and continues it, just as he would have done if A had written down the series 1, 3, 5, 7, 9. a Or he says nothing at all and simply continues the series. Perhaps he  had  what  may  be  called  the  feeling  “That’s  easy!”  (Such  a  feeling is, for example, that of a light quick intake of breath, as when one is slightly startled.) 
152. But are the processes which I’ve described here understanding?  “B  understands  the  system  behind  the  series”  surely  doesn’t  mean  simply:  the  formula  “an = . . .”  occurs  to  B.  For  it  is  perfectly  conceivable that the formula should occur to him and that he should nevertheless  not  understand.  “He  understands”  must  have  more  to  it  than: the formula occurs to him. And equally, more than any of those more or less characteristic concomitant processes or manifestations of understanding. 
153. Now  we  try  to  get  hold  of  the  mental  process  of  understanding which seems to be hidden behind those coarser, and therefore more readily visible, concomitant phenomena. But it doesn’t work; or, more correctly, it does not get as far as a real attempt. For even supposing I had found something that happened in all those cases of understanding, why should that be the understanding? Indeed, how can the process of understanding have been hidden, given that I said “Now I understand” because I did understand? And if I say it is hidden a then how do I know what I have to look for? I am in a muddle. 
154. But wait! a if “Now I understand the system” does not mean the same as “The formula . . . occurs to me” (or “I utter the formula”, “I write it down”, etc.) a does it follow from this that I employ the sentence “Now I understand” or “Now I can go on” as a description of a process occurring behind or side by side that of uttering the formula? If something has to stand ‘behind the utterance of the formula’, it is particular circumstances, which warrant my saying that I can go on a if the formula occurs to me. |61|  Just for once, don’t think of understanding as a ‘mental process’ at all! a For that is the way of talking which confuses you. Instead, ask yourself:  in  what  sort  of  case,  in  what  kind  of  circumstances,  do  we say “Now I know how to go on”? I mean, if the formula has occurred to me. a    In  the  sense  in  which  there  are  processes  (including  mental  processes) which are characteristic of understanding, understanding is not a mental process.  (A pain’s increasing or decreasing, listening to a tune or a sentence  a mental processes.) 
155. So, what I wanted to say was: if he suddenly knew how to go on, if he understood the system, then he may have had a distinctive experience a and if he is asked: “What was it? What took place when you suddenly grasped the system?”, perhaps he will describe it much as we described it above —– but for us it is the circumstances under which he had such an experience that warrant him saying in such a case that he understands, that he knows how to go on. 
156. This  will  become  clearer  if  we  interpolate  an  examination  of another word: namely, “reading”. First I must note that I’m not counting the understanding of what is read as part of ‘reading’ for purposes of this examination: reading is here the activity of rendering out loud what is written or printed; but also of writing from dictation, copying something printed, playing from sheet music, and so on.  The  use  of  this  word  in  the  circumstances  of  our  ordinary  life  is  of  course  extremely  familiar  to  us.  But  the  part  the  word  plays  in  our life, and so too the language-game in which we employ it, would be  difﬁcult  to  describe  even  in  rough  outline.  A  person,  let’s  say  an Englishman, has received at school or at home one of the kinds of instruction  usual  among  us,  and  in  the  course  of  it  has  learned  to  read  his native language. Later he reads books, letters, newspapers, and so forth.  Now  what  goes  on  when,  say,  he  reads  a  newspaper?  —–  His  eye  passes  a as  we  say  a along  the  printed  words;  he  says  them  out loud  a or  only  to  himself;  that  is,  he  reads  certain  words  by  taking  in  their  printed  shapes  as  wholes,  others  when  his  eye  has  taken  in  the  ﬁrst  syllables;  others  again  he  reads  syllable  by  syllable,  and  an  occasional  one  perhaps  letter  by  letter.  a We  would  also  say  that  he had  read  a  sentence  if  he  spoke  neither  aloud  nor  to  himself  during  the  reading,  but  was  afterwards  able  to  repeat  the  sentence  word  for word or nearly so. a He may attend to what he reads, or again a as we |62| might put it a function as a mere reading-machine: I mean, read aloud  and  correctly  without  attending  to  what  he  is  reading;  perhaps with  his  attention  on  something  quite  different  (so  that  he  is  unable  to  say  what  he  has  been  reading  if  he  is  asked  about  it  immediately afterwards).    Now  compare  a  beginner  with  this  reader.  The  beginner  reads  the words  by  laboriously  spelling  them  out.  a Some  words,  however,  he guesses from the context, or perhaps he already partly knows the passage  by  heart.  Then  his  teacher  says  that  he  is  not  really  reading the words (and in certain cases that he is only pretending to read them). If we think of this sort of reading, the reading of a beginner, and ask ourselves what reading consists in, we’ll be inclined to say: it is a distinctive conscious mental activity.  We also say of the pupil: “Of course, only he knows if he is really reading or merely saying the words off by heart.” (We’ve yet to discuss these propositions: “Only he knows . . .”)  But I want to say: we have to admit that a as far as concerns uttering any one of the printed words a the same thing may take place in the mind of the pupil who is ‘pretending’ to read as in that of a practised reader who is ‘reading’ it. The word “read” is applied differently when we are speaking of the beginner and of the practised reader. —– Now we would, of course, like to say: What goes on in the practised reader and in the beginner when they utter the word can’t be the same. And  if  there  is  no  difference  in  what  they  are  currently  conscious  of, there must be one in the unconscious workings of their minds, or, again, in the brain. a So we’d like to say: There are, at any rate, two different mechanisms here! And what goes on in them must distinguish reading from not reading. a But these mechanisms are only hypotheses, models to explain, to sum up, what you observe. 
157. Consider  the  following  case:  we  use  human  beings,  or  creatures of some other kind, as reading-machines. They are trained for this purpose.  The  trainer  says  of  some  that  they  can  already  read,  of  others that they cannot yet do so. Take the case of a pupil who has so far not participated in the training: if he is shown a written word, he will sometimes produce random sounds, and now and again the sounds will ‘accidentally’  come  out  roughly  right.  A  third  person  hears  this  pupil  on such an occasion and says, “He is reading”. But the teacher says, “No, he  isn’t  reading;  that  was  just  an  accident”.  a But  let’s  suppose  that this pupil continues to react correctly to further words |63| that are put before him. After a while, the teacher says, “Now he can read!” a But what  of  that  ﬁrst  word?  Is  the  teacher  to  say,  “I  was  wrong,  he  did read it after all” a or, “He only began really to read later on”? a When did  he  begin  to  read?  Which  was  the  ﬁrst  word  that  he  read?  This     question makes no sense here. Unless, indeed, we stipulate: “The ﬁrst word that a person ‘reads’ is the ﬁrst word of the ﬁrst series of 50 words that he reads correctly” (or something of the sort).  If, on the other hand, we use “reading” to stand for a certain experience of transition from marks to spoken sounds, then it certainly makes sense  to  speak  of  the  ﬁrst word  that  he  really  read.  He  can  then  say, for example, “At this word, for the ﬁrst time, I had the feeling: ‘now I am reading’.”  Or again, in the different case of a reading-machine which translated marks into sounds, perhaps as a pianola does, it would be possible to say:  “The  machine  read  only  after  such-and-such  had  happened  to  it a after such-and-such parts had been connected by wires; the ﬁrst word that it read was . . .”  But  in  the  case  of  the  live  reading-machine,  “reading”  meant:  reacting  to  written  signs  in  such-and-such  ways.  So  this  concept  was quite independent of that of a mental or other mechanism. a Nor can the  teacher  here  say  of  the  trainee,  “Perhaps  he  was  already  reading when  he  said  that  word”.  For  there  is  no  doubt  about  what  he  did.  a The  change  when  the  pupil  began  to  read  was  a  change  in  his behaviour;  and  it  makes  no  sense  here  to  speak  of  ‘a  ﬁrst  word  in  his new state’. 
158. But isn’t that only because of our too slight acquaintance with what goes on in the brain and the nervous system? If we had a more accurate  knowledge  of  these  things,  we  would  see  what  connections  were established  by  the  training,  and  then  when  we  looked  into  his  brain, we would be able to say: “Now he has read this word, now the reading connection has been set up.” —– And it presumably must be like that  a for  otherwise  how  could  we  be  so  sure  that  there  was  such  a connection? That it is so is presumably a priori a or is it only probable? And how probable is it? Now, ask yourself: what do you know about these  things?  —–  But  if  it  is  a  priori,  that  means  that  it  is  a  form  of representation which is very appealing to us. 
159. But when we think the matter over, we’re tempted to say: the one real criterion for anybody’s reading is the conscious act of reading, the act of reading the sounds off from the letters. “A man |64| surely knows whether he is reading or only pretending to read!” a Suppose A wants to make B believe that he can read Cyrillic script. He learns a Russian sentence  by  heart  and  utters  it  while  looking  at  the  printed  words  as  if he were reading them. Here we’ll surely say that A knows he is not    reading, and has a sense of just this while pretending to read. For there are,  of  course,  many  feelings  more  or  less  characteristic  of  reading  a printed sentence; it is not difﬁcult to recall such feelings: think of feelings of hesitating, of looking more closerly, of misreading, of words following on one another in a more or less familiar fashion, and so on. And equally, there are feelings characteristic of reciting something one has  learnt  by  heart.  In  our  example,  A  will  have  none  of  the  feelings that  are  characteristic  of  reading,  and  will  perhaps  have  various  feelings characteristic of cheating. 
160. But  imagine  the  following  case:  we  give  someone  who  can  read ﬂuently  a  text  that  he  has  never  seen  before.  He  reads  it  to  us a but with the feeling of saying something he has learnt by heart (this might be the effect of some drug). Would we say in such a case that he was not really reading the passage? That is, would we here allow his feelings to count as a criterion for his reading or not reading?  Or  again,  suppose  that  a  man  who  is  under  the  inﬂuence  of  a  certain  drug  is  presented  with  a  series  of  written  signs  (which  need  not belong to any existing alphabet). He utters words corresponding to the number  of  the  signs,  as  if  they  were  letters,  and  does  so  with  all  the outward  characteristics  and  feelings  of  reading.  (We  have  experiences like this in dreams; after waking up in such a case, one says perhaps: “It seemed to me as if I were reading signs, though they weren’t really signs at all.”) In such a case, some people would be inclined to say the man  was  reading those  signs.  Others,  that  he  was  not.  a Suppose  he has in this way read (or interpreted) a set of ﬁve signs as A B O V E a and  now  we  show  him  the  same  signs  in  the  reverse  order  and  he  reads  E  V  O  B  A;  and  in  further  tests  he  always  retains  the  same interpretation of the signs: here we may well be inclined to say that he was  making  up  an  alphabet  for  himself  ad  hoc and  then  reading accordingly. 
161. Remember too that there is a continuous series of transitional cases between that in which a person repeats from memory what he is supposed to be reading and that in which he spells out every word without  being  helped  at  all  by  guessing  from  the  context  or  knowing  by heart. |65|  Try this experiment: say the numbers from 1 to 12. Now look at the dial of your watch and read them. a What was it that you called “reading” in the latter case? That is to say, what did you do, to make it into reading?   
162. Let us try the following explanation: someone is reading if he derives the reproduction from the original. And what I call the ‘original’ is the text  which  he  reads  or  copies,  the  dictation  from  which  he  writes,  the  score  from  which  he  plays,  and  so  on.  a Now  suppose,  for  example, that we have taught someone the Cyrillic alphabet and how to pronounce each letter. Next we put a passage before him and he reads it, pronouncing every letter as we have taught him. In this case, we’ll probably  say  that  he  derives  the  sound  of  a  word  from  the  written  pattern  by  the  rule  that  we  have  given  him.  And  this  too  is  a  clear  case of reading. (We might say that we had taught him the ‘rule of the alphabet’.)  But why do we say that he has derived the spoken from the printed words? Do we know anything more than that we taught him how each letter should be pronounced, and that he then read the words out loud? Perhaps our reply will be: the pupil shows that he is using the rule we have given him to take the step from the printed to the spoken words. a How this can be shown becomes clearer if we change our example to one in which the pupil has to copy out the text instead of reading it  out,  has  to  go  from  print  to  handwriting.  For  in  this  case,  we  can give him the rule in the form of a table with printed letters in one column and cursive letters in the other. And that he is deriving his writing from print is shown by his consulting the table. 
163. But suppose that when he did this, he always wrote b for A, c for B, d for C, and so on, and a for Z? a Surely we’d call this too a derivation by means of the table. a He is using it now, we might say, according to the second schema in §86 instead of the ﬁrst.  It  would  still  be  a  case  of  derivation  according  to  the  table,  even  if  it  were  represented  by  a  schema  of  arrows  without  any  simple  regularity.  Suppose, however, that he does not stick to a single way of transcribing, but alters it according to a simple rule: if he has once written n for A, then he writes o for the next A, p for the next, and so on. a But where is the boundary between this procedure and a random one? |66|  But  does  this  mean  that  the  word  “derive”  really  has  no  meaning, since  the  meaning  seems  to  dissolve  into  nothing  when  we  follow  it through? 
164. In case (162) the meaning of the word “derive” stood out clearly. But we told ourselves that this was only a quite special case of deriving:    deriving  in  quite  special  clothing,  which  had  to  be  stripped  from  it  if we wanted to see the essence of deriving. So we stripped off those particular coverings; but then deriving itself disappeared. In order to ﬁnd the real artichoke, we divested it of its leaves. For (162) was, to be sure, a  special  case  of  deriving;  what  is  essential  to  deriving,  however,  was not  hidden  here  beneath  the  exterior,  but  this  ‘exterior’  was  one  case out of the family of cases of deriving.  And in the same way, we also use the word “read” for a family of cases.  And  in  different  circumstances  we  apply  different  criteria  for  a person’s reading. 
165. But surely a we’d like to say a reading is a quite particular process!  Read  a  page  of  print,  and  you  can  see  that;  there  is  something special going on, something highly characteristic. —– Well, what does go  on  when  I  read  the  page?  I  see  printed  words,  and  I  utter  words. But, of course, that is not all, for I might see printed words and utter words,  and  still  not  be  reading.  Even  if  the  words  which  I  utter  are those which, according to an existing alphabet, are supposed to be read off from the printed ones. a And if you say that reading is a particular experience, then it becomes quite unimportant whether or not you read according to some generally recognized alphabetical rule. a So what does the characteristic thing about the experience of reading consist in? a Here  I’d  like  to  say:  “The  words  that  I  utter  come in  a  distinctive way.” That is, they do not come as they would if I were, for example, making them up. a They come of themselves. a But even that is not enough; for the sounds of words may occur to me while I am looking at  printed  words,  but  that  does  not  mean  that  I  have  read  them.  a In  addition,  I  might  say  here,  neither  do  the  spoken  words  occur  to  me as if, say, something reminded me of them. I should, for example, not wish to say: the printed word “nothing” always reminds me of the sound “nothing”. Rather, the spoken words, as it were, slip in as one |67| reads. Indeed, I can’t even look at a printed English word without that  peculiar  process  occurring  of  inwardly  hearing  the  sound  of  the word.    The grammar of the expression “a quite particular” (atmosphere). One says “This face has a quite particular expression,” and per haps looks for words to characterize it. |p. 66 n.|   
166. I  said  that  when  one  reads,  the  spoken  words  come  ‘in  a  distinctive  way’:  but  in  what  way?  Isn’t  this  a  ﬁction?  Let’s  look  at  individual letters and attend to the way the sound of the letter comes. Read  the  letter  A.  a Now,  how  did  the  sound  come?  a We  have  no idea  what  to  say  about  it.  —–  Now  write  a  small  Roman  a!  a How did  the  movement  of  the  hand  come  as  you  wrote?  Differently  from the way the sound came when you tried previously? a I looked at the printed letter and wrote the cursive letter; that’s all I know. —– Now  look at the sign  , and let a sound occur to you as you do so; then  utter  it.  The  sound  ‘U’  occurred  to  me;  but  I  could  not  claim  that  there  was  any  essential  difference  in  the  kind  of  way  that  sound  came. The difference lay in the somewhat different situation. I told myself previously that I was to think of a sound; there was a certain tension present  before  the  sound  came.  And  I  did  not  say  ‘U’  automatically  as  I  do  when  I  look  at  the  letter  U.  Further,  that  mark  was  not familiar to  me  in  the  way  the  letters  of  the  alphabet  are.  I  looked  at  it,  as  it  were,  expectantly,  with  a  certain  interest  in  its  shape;  as  I  looked, I thought of a reversed sigma. —– Imagine having to use this mark regularly as a letter; so that you get used to uttering a particular sound at the sight of it, say the sound “sh”. Can we say anything but that,  after  a  while,  this  sound  comes  automatically  when  we  look  at the sign? That is to say, I no longer ask myself on seeing it, “What sort of  letter  is  that?”  a nor,  of  course,  do  I  tell  myself,  “At  this  sign  I’ll utter the sound ‘sh’ ”, nor yet “This sign somehow reminds me of the sound ‘sh’ ”.  (Compare  with  this  the  idea  that  memory-images  are  distinguished  from other mental images by some special characteristic.) 
167. Now what is there in the claim that reading is ‘a quite particular process’?  It  presumably  means  that  whenever  we  read,  one particular process takes place, which we recognize. a But suppose that I at one time  read  a  sentence  from  print  and  at  another  write  it  from  Morse code a is the mental process really the same? —– On the other hand, there is surely some uniformity in the experience of reading a page of print. For the process is a uniform one. And it is quite easy to understand  that  there  is  a  difference  between  this  process  and  one  of,  say, coming up with words at the sight of arbitrary signs. a For the mere look of a printed line is itself extremely |68| characteristic a it presents, that is, a quite special appearance, the letters all roughly the same size, akin in shape too, and always recurring; most of the words constantly    repeated and immensely familiar to us, like well-known faces. a Think of the uneasiness we feel when the spelling of a word is changed. (And of  the  still  deeper  feelings  that  questions  about  the  spelling  of  words have aroused.) Of course, not every kind of sign has made a deep impression on us. A sign in the algebra of logic, for instance, can be replaced by any other one without exciting deep feelings in us. a  Remember that the look of a word is familiar to us in much the same  way as its sound. 
168. Again, our eye passes over printed lines differently from the way it passes over arbitrary pothooks and squiggles. (But I am not speaking  here  of  what  can  be  found  out  by  observing  the  movement  of  the eyes of a reader.) The glance slides, one would like to say, entirely unimpeded, without becoming snagged, and yet it doesn’t skid. And at the same time involuntary speech goes on in the imagination. That is how it is when I read English and other languages, printed or written, and in various letterings. a But what in all this is essential to reading as  such?  Not  any  one  feature  that  occurs  in  all  cases  of  reading. (Compare what goes on while reading ordinary print with reading words which  are  printed  entirely  in  capital  letters,  as  solutions  of  puzzles  sometimes are. How different it is! a Or reading our script from right to left.)   
169. But when we read, don’t we feel the look of the words somehow causing  our  utterance?  —–  Read  a  sentence.  a And  now  look  along the following sequence  and utter a sentence as you do so. Can’t one feel that in the ﬁrst case the  utterance  was  connected with  seeing  the  signs  and  in  the  second went on side by side with the seeing without any connection?  But why do you say that we felt a causing? Causation is surely something  established  by  experiments,  by  observing  a  regular  concurrence of events, for example. So how could I say that I feel something which is found out in this way by experiment? (It is indeed true that observation of regular concurrence is not the only way we establish causation.) One might rather say, I feel that the letters are the reason why I read such-and-such. For if someone asks me, “Why |69| do you read it this way?” a I justify it by the letters which are there.    But what is it supposed to mean: to feel the justiﬁcation that I uttered or thought? I’d like to say: when I read, I feel a certain inﬂuence of the letters on me —– but I feel no inﬂuence on what I say from that series of arbitrary squiggles. a Let’s once more compare an individual letter with such a squiggle. Would I also say I feel the inﬂuence of “i” when I read it? It does of course make a difference whether I say “i” when I  see  “i”  or  when  I  see  “ ”.  The  difference  is,  roughly,  that  when  I see the letter, it’s automatic for me inwardly to hear the sound “i”, even against my will, and that I pronounce the letter with less effort when I read it than when I am looking at “ ”. That is to say: this is how it is when I try; but of course it is not so if I happen to be looking at the mark “ ” and at the same time pronounce a word in which the sound “i” occurs. 
170. We’d never have hit on the idea that we felt the inﬂuence of the letters on us when reading had we not compared the case of letters with that of arbitrary marks. And here we do indeed notice a difference. And we  interpret  it  as  the  difference  between  inﬂuence  and  absence  of inﬂuence.  And we’re especially inclined towards this interpretation when we make a point of reading slowly a perhaps in order to see what does happen when we read. When we, so to speak, more or less deliberately let ourselves be guided by the letters. But this ‘letting myself be guided’ in turn consists only in my looking carefully at the letters a and perhaps excluding certain other thoughts.  We imagine that a feeling enables us to perceive, as it were, a connecting mechanism between the look of the word and the sound that we  utter.  For  when  I  speak  of  the  experiences  of  being  inﬂuenced,  of causation,  of  being  guided,  that  is  really  supposed  to  mean  that  I,  so to say, feel the movement of the levers which connect the appearance of the letters with speaking. 
171. I might have used various words to hit off the experience I have when I read a word. So I might say that the written word intimates the sound to me. a Or again, that when one reads, letter and sound form a  unity a as  it  were  an  alloy.  (A  similar  fusion  occurs,  for  example, between the faces of famous men and the sound of their names. |70| It seems to us that this name is the only right one for this face.) Once I feel this unity, I might say that I see or hear the sound in the written word. a    But now, just read a few sentences in print as you usually do when you  are  not  thinking  about  the  concept  of  reading,  and  ask  yourself whether you had such experiences of unity, of being inﬂuenced, and so on, as you read. a Don’t say you had them unconsciously! Nor should we be misled by the picture of these phenomena coming forth ‘on closer inspection’. If I’m supposed to describe how an object looks from far off, I don’t make the description more accurate by saying what can be noticed about the object on closer inspection. 
172. Let’s consider the experience of being guided, and ask ourselves: what does this experience consist in when, for example, our steps are guided? a Imagine the following cases:  You’re in a playground with your eyes blindfolded, and someone leads you by the hand, sometimes left, sometimes right; you have constantly to  be  ready  for  the  tug  of  his  hand,  and  must  also  take  care  not  to stumble when he gives an unexpected tug.  Or again, someone leads you by the hand where you are unwilling  to go, by force.  Or you’re guided by a partner in a dance; you make yourself as receptive  as  possible,  in  order  to  guess  his  intention  and  obey  the  slightest pressure.  Or  someone  leads  you  along  a  footpath;  you’re  having  a  conversa tion; you go wherever he does.  Or  you  walk  along  a  track  in  a  ﬁeld,  letting  yourself  be  guided   by it.  All these situations are similar to one another; but what is common  to all the experiences? 
173. “But  being  guided  is  surely  a  particular  experience!”  a The answer to this is: you’re now thinking of a particular experience of being guided.  If I want to picture to myself the experience of the person in one of the  earlier  examples,  whose  writing  is  guided  by  the  printed  text  and the table, I imagine his ‘conscientious’ looking-up, and so on. As I do this, I even assume a particular facial expression (say, that of a conscientious  bookkeeper).  Carefulness is  a  most  essential  part  of  this  picture; in another, the exclusion of every volition of one’s own would be essential. (But take something that normal people do with all the signs of carelessness, and imagine someone accompanying it with the expression  a and  why  not  the  |71| feelings?  a of  great  carefulness.  a Is  he then  careful?  Imagine  a  servant  dropping  the  tea-tray  and  everything    on  it  with  all  the  outward  signs  of  carefulness.)  If  I  picture  to  myself such a particular experience, it seems to me to be the experience of being guided (or of reading). But now I ask myself: what are you doing? a You look at every letter, you make this face, you write the letters deliberately  (and  so  on).  a So  that  is  the  experience  of  being  guided?  —– Here I should like to say: “No, it isn’t that; it is something more inward, more  essential.”  a It  is  as  if  at  ﬁrst  all  these  more  or  less  inessential processes  were  shrouded  in  a  particular  atmosphere,  which  dissipates when I look closely. 
174. Ask yourself how you ‘deliberately’ draw a line parallel to a given one a and another time, deliberately, one at an angle to it. What is the experience of doing something deliberately? Here a particular look, a gesture, at once occur to you a and then you would like to say: “And it  just  is  a  particular  inner  experience.”  (And  by  this,  of  course,  you say nothing at all.)  (There is here a connection with the inquiry into the nature of inten tion, of the will.) 
175. Make some arbitrary doodle on a bit of paper. —– And now make a copy next to it, let yourself be guided by it. —– I’d like to say: “Sure enough, I let myself be guided here. But what was characteristic in what happened? a If I say what happened, it no longer seems to me to be characteristic.”  But now notice this: while I let myself be guided, everything is quite simple, I notice nothing special; but afterwards, when I ask myself what it  was  that  happened,  it  seems  to  have  been  something  indescribable. Afterwards no description satisﬁes me. It’s as if I couldn’t believe that I merely looked, made such-and-such a face, and drew a line. But do  I  remember anything  else?  No;  and  yet  I  feel  as  if  there  must  have  been something else; in particular when I say “guidance”, “inﬂuence”, and  other  such  words  to  myself.  “For  surely”,  I  tell  myself,  “I  was  being  guided.”  a Only  then  does  the  idea  of  that  ethereal,  intangible inﬂuence arise. 
176. When I look back on the experience, I have the feeling that what is  essential  about  it  is  an  ‘experience  of  being  inﬂuenced’,  of  connection a as opposed to any mere simultaneity of phenomena: but at the same time, I’d not be willing to call any experience of a phenomenon the “experience of being inﬂuenced”. |72| (Hence the idea that the will    is  not  a  phenomenon.)  I’d  like  to  say  that  I  had  experienced  the ‘because’, and yet I don’t want to call any phenomenon an “experience of the because”. 
177. I’d like to say, “I experience the because”. Not because I remember  such  an  experience,  but  because  when  I  reﬂect  on  what  I  experience  in  such  a  case,  I  look  at  it  through  the  medium  of  the  concept ‘because’ (or ‘inﬂuence’ or ‘cause’ or ‘connection’). a For it is, of course, correct to say that I drew the line under the inﬂuence of the original: this, however, does not consist simply in my feelings as I drew the line a rather, under certain circumstances, it may consist in my drawing it parallel to the other a even though this in turn is not in general essential to being guided. a 
178. We also say, “You can see that I let myself be guided by it” a and what does someone who sees this see?  When  I  say  to  myself,  “Surely  I  am guided”,  I  make,  say,  a  movement  with  my  hand  that  expresses  guidance  .  a Make  such  a  movement of the hand as if you were guiding someone along, and then ask yourself what the guiding character of this movement consists in. For you were not guiding anyone. But you still want to call the movement one  of  ‘guiding’.  So  this  movement,  and  feeling,  did  not  contain  the essence  of  guiding,  and  yet  you  were  impelled  to  use  this  word.  It  is precisely  through  its  being  one  form of  guidance  that  the  expression forces itself on us. 
179. Let  us  return  to  our  case  (151).  It  is  clear  that  we  wouldn’t  say that B had a right to say the words “Now I know how to go on” just because the formula occurred to him a unless experience showed that there was a connection between the formula’s occurring to him (his saying it, writing it down) and his actually continuing the series. And obviously such a connection does exist. a And now one might think that the sentence “I can go on” meant “I have an experience which is empirically  known  to  lead  to  continuing  the  series”.  But  does  B  mean  that when he says he can continue? Does that sentence come to his mind, or is he ready to produce it in explanation of what he means?  No. The words “Now I know how to go on” were correctly used when the formula occurred to him: namely, under certain circumstances. For example,  if  he  had  learnt  algebra,  had  used  such  formulae  before.  a But that does not mean that his statement is only short  for a description of all the circumstances which set the stage for our language-game.    a Think how we learn to use the expressions “Now I know how to go |73| on”, “Now I can go on”, and others; in what family of languagegames we learn their use.  We  can  also  imagine  the  case  where  nothing  at  all  occurred  in  B’s  mind  except  that  he  suddenly  said  “Now  I  know  how  to  go  on”  a perhaps with a feeling of relief; and that he did in fact go on working  out  the  series  without  using  the  formula.  And  in  this  case  too  we should say a in certain circumstances a that he did know how to go on. 
180. This is how these words are used. It would be quite misleading, in this last case, for instance, to call the words a “description of a mental  state”.  Rather,  one  could  here  call  them  a  “signal”;  and  we  judge whether it was rightly applied by what he goes on to do. 
181. In order to understand this, we need also to consider the following: suppose B says he knows how to go on a but when he wants to go on, he hesitates and can’t do it. Are we then to say that it was wrong of him to say he could go on; or rather, that he was able to go on then, only  now  is  not?  a Clearly,  we  shall  say  different  things  in  different cases. (Consider both kinds of case.) 
182. The  grammar  of  “to  ﬁt”,  “to  be  able”  and  “to  understand”. Exercises:  (1)  When  is  a  cylinder  C  said  to  ﬁt  into  a  hollow  cylinder H? Only as long as C is inside H? (2) Sometimes one says that: C has ceased to ﬁt into H at such-and-such a time. What criteria are used in such  a  case  for  its  having  happened  at  that  time?  (3)  What  does  one regard as criteria for a body’s having changed its weight at a particular time, if it was not actually on the balance at that time? (4) Yesterday I knew the poem by heart; today I no longer know it. In what kind of case does it make sense to ask, “When did I stop knowing it by heart?” (5) Someone asks me, “Can you lift this weight?” I answer, “Yes”. Now he says, “Do it!” a and I can’t. In what kind of circumstances would one accept the excuse “When I answered ‘yes’ I could do it, only now I can’t”?  The  criteria  which  we  accept  for  ‘ﬁtting’,  ‘being  able  to’,  ‘understanding’, are much more complicated than might appear at ﬁrst sight. That is, the game with these words, their use in the linguistic intercourse that is carried on by their means, is more involved a the role of these words in our language is other than we are tempted to think.    (This role is what we need to understand in order to resolve philosophical  paradoxes.  And  that’s  why  deﬁnitions  usually  aren’t  enough to  |74| resolve  them;  and  even  less  so  the  statement  that  a  word  is ‘indeﬁnable’.) 
183. Now then, did the sentence “Now I can go on” in case (151) mean the same as “Now the formula has occurred to me”, or something different?  We  may  say  that  in  these  circumstances  the  one  sentence  has the same sense (comes to the same thing) as the other. But also that in general,  these  two  sentences  do  not  have  the  same  sense.  We  do  say, “Now I can go on, I mean I know the formula,” as we say “I can walk, I mean I have time”; but also “I can walk, I mean I am already strong enough”; or “I can walk, as far as the state of my leg is concerned”, that is, when we are contrasting this condition for walking with others. But here we must be on our guard against thinking that there is some totality of  conditions  corresponding  to  the  nature  of  each  case  (for  example, for a person’s walking) so that, as it were, he could not but walk if they were all fulﬁlled. 
184. I  want  to  remember  a  tune,  and  it  escapes  me;  suddenly  I  say,  “Now  I  know  it”,  and  I  sing  it.  What  was  it  like  suddenly  to  know  it? Surely it can’t have occurred to me in its entirety in that moment! a Perhaps  you  will  say:  “It’s  a  particular  feeling,  as  if  it  were  now  there”  a but  is it  now  there?  Suppose  I  then  begin  to  sing  it  and  get stuck? —– But may I not have been certain at that moment that I knew it?  So  in  some  sense  or  other  it  was  there after  all!  —–  But  in  what  sense? Perhaps you would say that the tune was there if, for example, someone sang it through, or rehearsed it in his imagination from beginning  to  end.  I  am  not,  of  course,  denying  that  the  statement  that  the tune  is  there  can  also  be  given  a  quite  different  sense  a for  example, that I have a bit of paper on which it is written. a And what does his being ‘certain’ he knows it consist in? a Of course, one can say: if someone says with conviction that now he knows the tune, then it is (somehow) present to his mind in its entirety at that moment —– and this is an  explanation  of  the  words  “the  tune  is  present  to  his  mind  in  its entirety”. 
185. Let us return to our example (143). Now, judged by the usual criteria,  the  pupil  has  mastered  the  series  of  natural  numbers.  Next  we teach him to write down other series of cardinal numbers and get him to the point of writing down, say, series of the form    0, n, 2n, 3n, etc.  at an order of the form “+ n”; so at the order “+ 1” he writes |75| down the series of natural numbers. a Let’s suppose we have done exercises, and tested his understanding up to 1000.  Then we get the pupil to continue one series (say “+ 2”) beyond 1000  a and he writes 1000, 1004, 1008, 1012.  We say to him, “Look what you’re doing!” a He doesn’t understand. We say, “You should have added two: look how you began the series!” a He answers, “Yes, isn’t it right? I thought that was how I had to do it.” —– Or suppose he pointed to the series and said, “But I did go on in  the  same  way”.  a It  would  now  be  no  use  to  say,  “But  can’t  you see . . . ?”  a and  go  over  the  old  explanations  and  examples  for  him again.  In  such  a  case,  we  might  perhaps  say:  this  person  ﬁnds  it  natural, once given our explanations, to understand our order as we would understand the order “Add 2 up to 1000, 4 up to 2000, 6 up to 3000, and so on”.  This case would have similarities to that in which it comes naturally to a person to react to the gesture of pointing with the hand by looking  in  the  direction  from  ﬁngertip  to  wrist,  rather  than  from  wrist  to ﬁngertip. 
186. “What you are saying, then, comes to this: a new insight a intuition a is needed at every step to carry out the order ‘+n’ correctly.” a To carry it out correctly! How is it decided what is the right step to take  at  any  particular  point?  a “The  right  step  is  the  one  that  is  in accordance  with  the  order  a as  it  was  meant.”  a So  when  you  gave the order “+ 2”, you meant that he was to write 1002 after 1000 a and did you then also mean that he should write 1868 after 1866, and 100036 after 100034, and so on a an inﬁnite number of such sentences? a “No; what I meant was, that he should write the next but one number after every number  that  he  wrote;  and  from  this,  stage  by  stage,  all  those sentences follow.” a But that is just what is in question: what, at any stage, does follow from that sentence. Or, again, what at any stage we are to call “being in accordance” with it (and with how you then meant it a whatever your meaning it may have consisted in). It would almost be more correct to say, not that an intuition was needed at every point, but that a new decision was needed at every point. 
187. “But  I  already  knew,  at  the  time  when  I  gave  the  order,  that  he should write 1002 after 1000.” a Certainly; and you may even say you    meant it then; only you shouldn’t let yourself be misled by the grammar of the words “know” and “mean”. For you don’t |76| mean that you thought of the step from 1000 to 1002 at that time a and even if you did think of this step, still, you didn’t think of other ones. Your “I already knew at the time . . .” amounts to something like: “If I had then been asked what number he should write after 1000, I would have replied ‘1002’.” And that I don’t doubt. This is an assumption of much the same sort as “If he had fallen into the water then, I would have jumped in after him”. a Now, what was wrong with your idea? 
188. Here  I’d  like  to  say  ﬁrst  of  all:  your  idea  was  that  this  meaning the order had in its own way already taken all those steps: that in meaning it, your mind, as it were, ﬂew ahead and took all the steps before you physically arrived at this or that one.  So you were inclined to use such expressions as “The steps are really already  taken,  even  before  I  take  them  in  writing  or  in  speech  or  in thought”. And it seemed as if they were in some unique way predetermined,  anticipated  a in  the  way  that  only  meaning  something  could anticipate reality. 
189. “But are the steps then not determined by the algebraic formula?” a The question contains a mistake.  We use the expression “The steps are determined by the formula . . .”. How is the expression used? a We may perhaps mention that people are brought by their education (training) so to use the formula y = x2, that they all work out the same number for y when they substitute the same number for x. Or we may say: “These people are so trained that they all take the same step at the same point when they receive the order ‘+3’.” We might express this by saying “For these people the order ‘+3’ completely  determines  every  step  from  one  number  to  the  next”.  (By contrast with other people who do not know what they are to do on receiving this order, or who react to it with perfect certainty, but each one in a different way.)  On  the  other  hand,  we  may  contrast  different  kinds  of  formula,  and the different kinds of use (different kinds of training) appropriate to them. Then we call formulae of a particular kind (with the appropriate  method  of  use)  “formulae  which  determine  a  number y  for  a  given value of x”, and formulae of another kind, ones which “do not determine  the  number y for  a  given  value  of  x”.  (y = x2 would  be  of the ﬁrst kind, y ≠ x2 of the second.) The sentence “The formula . . .    determines  a  number  y”  will  then  be  a  statement  about |77| the  form of  the  formula  a and  now  a  sentence  such  as  “The  formula  which  I  have  written  down  determines  y”,  or  “Here  is  a  formula  which  determines y”, is to be distinguished from a sentence of the following kind: “The formula y = x2 determines the number y for a given value of x.” The question “Is the formula written down there one that determines  y?”  will  then  mean  the  same  as  “Is  what  is  there  a  formula  of this kind or that?” a but it is not clear offhand what we are to make of the question “Is y = x2 a formula which determines y for a given x?” One might address this question to a pupil in order to test whether he understands the use of the word “to determine”; or it might be a mathematical problem to prove in a particular system that x has only one square. 
190. One may then say: “How the formula is meant determines which steps  are  to  be  taken.”  What  is  the  criterion  for  how  the  formula  is meant? It is, for example, the kind of way we always use it, were taught to use it.  We  say,  for  instance,  to  someone  who  uses  a  sign  unknown  to  us: “If by ‘x!2’ you mean x2, then you get this value for y, if you mean 2x, that one.”  a Now  ask  yourself:  how  does  one  do  it  a mean the  one thing or the other by “x!2”?  In  this way,  then,  meaning  something  can  determine  the  steps  in  advance. 
191. “It is as if we could grasp the whole use of the word at a stroke.” Like what, for example? a Can’t the use a in a certain sense a be grasped at a stroke? And in what sense can’t it? a It is indeed as if we could ‘grasp  it  at  a  stroke’  in  a  much  more  direct  sense.  a But  have  you  a model for this? No. It is just that this mode of expression suggests itself to us. As a result of the crossing of different pictures. 
192. You  have  no  model  of  this  inordinate  fact,  but  you  are  seduced into  using  a  super-expression.  (It  might  be  called  a  philosophical superlative.) 
193. A machine as a symbol of its mode of operation. The machine, I might say for a start, seems already to contain its own mode of operation.  What  does  that  mean?  a If  we  know  the  machine,  everything  else a that is the movements it will make a seem to be already completely determined.    We talk as if these parts could only move in this way, as if they could not  do  anything  else.  Is  this  how  it  is?  Do  we  forget  the  possibility  of their bending, breaking off, melting, and so on? Yes; in many cases |78| we don’t think of that at all. We use a machine, or a picture of a machine, as a symbol of a particular mode of operation. For instance, we give someone such a picture and assume that he will derive the successive movements of the parts from it. (Just as we can give someone a number by telling him that it is the twenty-ﬁfth in the series 1, 4, 9, 16, . . . )  “The machine seems already to contain its own mode of operation” means:  we  are  inclined  to  compare  the  future  movements  of  the machine in their deﬁniteness to objects which have been lying in a drawer and which we now take out. —– But we don’t say this kind of thing when  it  is  a  matter  of  predicting  the  actual  behaviour  of  a  machine. Then we do not in general forget the possibility of a distortion of the parts and so on. —– We do talk like that, however, when we are wondering at the way we can use a machine as a symbol of some way of moving a since it can, after all, also move quite differently.  We might say that a machine, or a picture of it, is the ﬁrst of a series  of pictures which we have learnt to derive from this one.  But when we reﬂect that the machine could also have moved differently, it may now look as if the way it moves must be contained in the machine  qua symbol  still  more  determinately  than  in  the  actual machine. As if it were not enough for the movements in question to be empirically predetermined, but they had to be really a in a mysterious sense a already present. And it is quite true: the movement of the machine qua  symbol  is  predetermined  in  a  different  way  from  how  the  movement of any given actual machine is. 
194. When does one have the thought that a machine already contains its possible movements in some mysterious way? a Well, when one is doing  philosophy.  And  what  lures  us  into  thinking  that?  The  kind  of way in which we talk about the machine. We say, for example, that the machine has (possesses) such-and-such possibilities of movement; we speak of an ideally rigid machine which can move only thus-and-so. —– The possibility of  movement  a what  is  it?  It  is  not  the  movement,  but  it does not seem to be a mere physical condition for moving either a such as  there  being  play  between  socket  and  pin,  the  pin’s  not  ﬁtting  too tight in the socket. For while this is empirically a condition for movement, one could also imagine things to be otherwise. The possibility of a movement is supposed, rather, to be like a shadow of the movement    itself. But do you know of any such shadow? And by a shadow I do not mean some picture of the movement a for such a |79| picture would not  have  to  be  a  picture  of  just  this movement.  But  the  possibility  of this movement must be the possibility of just this movement. (See how high the seas of language run here!)  The waves subside as soon as we ask ourselves: how do we use the phrase  “possibility  of  movement”  when  we  are  talking  about  a  given machine? —– But then where did these strange ideas come from? Well, I  show  you  the  possibility  of  a  movement,  say  by  means  of  a  picture of the movement, ‘So possibility is something which is similar to reality’.  We  say,  “It  isn’t  moving  yet,  but  it  already  has  the  possibility  of moving” —– ‘so possibility is something very near reality’. Though we may doubt whether such-and-such a physical condition makes this movement  possible,  we  never  discuss  whether  this is  the  possibility  of  this or  of  that  movement:  ‘so  the  possibility  of  the  movement  stands  in  a unique relation to the movement itself; closer than that of a picture to its  subject’;  for  it  can  be  doubted  whether  a  picture  is  the  picture  of this or that subject. We say, “Experience will show whether this gives the pin this possibility of movement”, but we do not say, “Experience will show whether this is the possibility of this movement”; ‘so it is not a matter of experience that this possibility is the possibility of just this movement’.  Though we do pay attention to the way we talk about these matters, we  don’t  understand  it,  but  misinterpret  it.  When  we  do  philosophy, we are like savages, primitive people, who hear the way in which civilized  people  talk,  put  a  false  interpretation  on  it,  and  then  draw  the oddest conclusions from this. 
195. “But I don’t mean that what I do now (in grasping the whole use of a word) determines the future use causally and as a matter of experience,  but  that,  in  a  strange way,  the  use  itself  is  in  some  sense  present.” a But of course it is, ‘in some sense’! Really, the only thing wrong with what you say is the expression “in an odd way”. The rest is right; and  the  sentence  seems  odd  only  when  one  imagines  it  to  belong  to  a  different  language-game  from  the  one  in  which  we  actually  use  it. (Someone  once  told  me  that  as  a  child  he  had  been  amazed  that  a  tailor  could  ‘sew  a  dress’  a he  thought  this  meant  that  a  dress  was  produced by sewing alone, by sewing one thread on to another.)   
196. In  misunderstanding  the  use  of  the  word,  one  takes  it  to  signify an  odd  process.  (As  one  thinks  of  time  as  a  strange  medium,  of  the mind as an odd kind of being.) |80| 
197. “It’s as if we could grasp the whole use of a word at a stroke.” a Well, that is just what we say we do. That is, we sometimes describe what we do in these words. But there is nothing astonishing, nothing strange,  about  what  happens.  It  becomes  strange  when  we  are  led  to think  that  the  future  development  must  in  some  way  already  be  present in the act of grasping the use and yet isn’t present. a For we say that there isn’t any doubt that we understand the word, and on the other hand that its meaning lies in its use. There is no doubt that I now want to play chess, but chess is the game it is in virtue of all its rules (and so  on).  Don’t  I  know,  then,  which  game  I  want  to  play  until  I  have played it? Or is it, rather, that all the rules are contained in my act of intending? Is it experience that tells me that this sort of game usually follows  such  an  act  of  intending?  So  can’t  I  actually  be  sure  what  I intended to do? And if that is nonsense a what kind of super-rigid connection  obtains  between  the  act  of  intending  and  the  thing  intended? —–  Where  is  the  connection  effected  between  the  sense  of  the  words “Let’s play a game of chess” and all the rules of the game? a Well, in the list of rules of the game, in the teaching of it, in the everyday practice of playing. 
198. “But  how  can  a  rule  teach  me  what  I  have  to  do  at  this point? After all, whatever I do can, on some interpretation, be made compatible with the rule.” a No, that’s not what one should say. Rather, this: every  interpretation  hangs  in  the  air  together  with  what  it  interprets, and  cannot  give  it  any  support.  Interpretations  by  themselves  do  not determine meaning.  “So is whatever I do compatible with the rule?” a Let me ask this: what  has  the  expression  of  a  rule  a say  a  signpost  a got  to  do  with my  actions?  What  sort  of  connection  obtains  here?  a Well,  this  one, for  example:  I  have  been  trained  to  react  in  a  particular  way  to  this sign, and now I do so react to it.  But  with  this  you  have  pointed  out  only  a  causal  connection;  only explained how it has come about that we now go by the signpost; not what  this  following-the-sign  really  consists  in.  Not  so;  I  have  further indicated that a person goes by a signpost only in so far as there is an established usage, a custom.   
199. Is what we call “following a rule” something that it would be possible  for  only  one person,  only once in  a  lifetime,  to  do?  a And  this  is,  of  course,  a  gloss  on  the  grammar of  the  expression  “to  follow  a rule”. |81|  It is not possible that there should have been only one occasion on which only one person followed a rule. It is not possible that there should have been only one occasion on which a report was made, an order given or understood, and so on. a To follow a rule, to make a report, to give an order, to play a game of chess, are customs (usages, institutions).  To understand a sentence means to understand a language. To under stand a language means to have mastered a technique. 
200. It  is,  of  course,  imaginable  that  two  people  belonging  to  a  tribe unacquainted  with  games  should  sit  at  a  chessboard  and  go  through the moves of a game of chess; and even with all the mental accompaniments. And if we were to see it, we’d say that they were playing chess. But now imagine a game of chess translated according to certain rules into a series of actions which we do not ordinarily associate with a game a say into yells and stamping of feet. And now suppose those two people to yell and stamp instead of playing the form of chess that we are used  to;  and  this  in  such  a  way  that  what  goes  on  is  translatable  by suitable  rules  into  a  game  of  chess.  Would  we  still  be  inclined  to  say that they were playing a game? And with what right could one say so? 
201. This  was  our  paradox:  no  course  of  action  could  be  determined by  a  rule,  because  every  course  of  action  can  be  brought  into  accord with the rule. The answer was: if every course of action can be brought into accord with the rule, then it can also be brought into conﬂict with it. And so there would be neither accord nor conﬂict here.  That there is a misunderstanding here is shown by the mere fact that in this chain of reasoning we place one interpretation behind another, as if each one contented us at least for a moment, until we thought of yet another lying behind it. For what we thereby show is that there is a way of grasping a rule which is not an interpretation, but which, from case to case of application, is exhibited in what we call “following the rule” and “going against it”.  That’s why there is an inclination to say: every action according to a rule is an interpretation. But one should speak of interpretation only when one expression of a rule is substituted for another. 
202. That’s  why  ‘following  a  rule’  is  a  practice.  And  to  think one  is following a rule is not to follow a rule. And that’s why it’s not possible    to follow a rule ‘privately’; otherwise, thinking one was following a rule would be the same thing as following it. |82| 
203. Language is a labyrinth of paths. You approach from one side and know your way about; you approach the same place from another side and no longer know your way about. 
204. As things are, I can, for example, invent a game that is never played by  anyone.  a But  would  the  following  be  possible  too:  mankind  has never played any games; once though, someone invented a game a which, however, was never played? 
205. “But  that  is  just  what  is  remarkable  about  intention,  about  the mental  process,  that  the  existence  of  a  custom,  of  a  technique,  is  not necessary to it. That, for example, it is imaginable that two people should play a game of chess, or even only the beginning of a game of chess, in a world in which otherwise no games existed a and then be interrupted.”  But isn’t chess deﬁned by its rules? And how are these rules present     in the mind of someone who intends to play chess? 
206. Following a rule is analogous to obeying an order. One is trained to do so, and one reacts to an order in a particular way. But what if one  person  reacts  to  the  order  and  training  thus,  and  another otherwise? Who is right, then?  Suppose you came as an explorer to an unknown country with a language quite unknown to you. In what circumstances would you say that the people there gave orders, understood them, obeyed them, rebelled against them, and so on?  Shared human behaviour is the system of reference by means of which  we interpret an unknown language. 
207. Let’s imagine that the people in that country carried on usual human activities and in the course of them employed, apparently, an articulate language. If we watch their activities, we ﬁnd them intelligible, they seem ‘logical’.  But  when  we  try  to  learn  their  language,  we  ﬁnd  it  impossible to do so. For there is no regular connection between what they say, the sounds they make, and their activities; but still these sounds are not superﬂuous,  for  if,  for  example,  we  gag  one  of  these  people,  this  has the same consequences as with us: without those sounds their actions fall into confusion a as I feel like putting it.    Are we to say that these people have a language: orders, reports, and  so on?  There is not enough regularity for us to call it “language”. 
208. Then am I explaining what “order” and “rule” mean in terms of “regularity”? a How do I explain the meaning of “regular”, “uniform”, |83| “same” to anyone? a I’ll explain these words to someone who, say, speaks only French by means of the corresponding French words. But if a person has not yet got the concepts, I’ll teach him to use the words by  means  of  examples  and  by  exercises.  a And  when  I  do  this,  I  do not communicate less to him than I know myself.  In  the  course  of  this  teaching,  I’ll  show  him  the  same  colours,  the same  lengths,  the  same  shapes;  I’ll  make  him  ﬁnd  them  and  produce them; and so on. For example, I’ll teach him to continue an ornamental pattern ‘uniformly’ when told to do so. a And also to continue progressions.  That  is,  for  example,  when  given: . .. ... to  go  on:  ....  ..... ...... . I  do  it,  he  does  it  after  me;  and  I  inﬂuence  him  by  expressions  of agreement, rejection, expectation, encouragement. I let him go his way, or hold him back; and so on.  Imagine  witnessing  such  teaching.  None  of  the  words  would  be  explained by means of itself; there would be no logical circle.  The  expressions  “and  so  on”,  “and  so  on  ad  inﬁnitum”,  are  also explained  in  this  teaching.  A  gesture,  among  other  things,  might  serve  this  purpose.  The  gesture  that  means  “go  on  like  this”  or  “and so on” has a function comparable to that of pointing to an object or a place.  A distinction is to be drawn between the “and so on” which is and the “and so on” which is not an abbreviated notation. “And so on ad inf.” is not such an abbreviation. The fact that we cannot write down all the digits of π is not a human shortcoming, as mathematicians sometimes think.  Teaching which is not meant to apply to anything but the examples  given is different from that which ‘points beyond’ them. 
209. “But then doesn’t our understanding reach beyond all examples?” a A very curious expression, and a quite natural one! a  But is that all? Isn’t there a deeper explanation; or at least, mustn’t the understanding of the explanation be deeper? a Well, have I myself a  deeper  understanding?  Have  I  got  more  than  I  give  in  the  explanation? a But then, whence the feeling that I have more?    Is  it  like  the  case  where  I  interpret  what  is  not  limited  as  a  length  that reaches beyond every length? 
210. “But do you really explain to the other person what you yourself understand?  Don’t  you  leave  it  to  him  to  guess the  essential  thing?  You give him examples a but he has to guess their drift, to guess your |84| intention.”  a Every  explanation  which  I  can  give  myself  I  give  to him too. a “He guesses what I mean” would amount to: “various interpretations  of  my  explanation  come  to  his  mind,  and  he  picks  one  of  them”.  So  in  this  case  he  could  ask;  and  I  could  and  would  answer him. 
211. “No  matter  how  you  instruct  him  in  continuing  the  ornamental pattern, how can he know how he is to continue it by himself?” a Well, how do I know? —– If that means “Have I reasons?”, the answer is: my reasons will soon give out. And then I shall act, without reasons. 
212. When someone of whom I am afraid orders me to continue a series, I act quickly, with perfect assurance, and the lack of reasons does not trouble me. 
213. “But this initial segment of a series could obviously be variously interpreted  (for  example,  by  means  of  algebraic  expressions),  so  you must ﬁrst have chosen one such interpretation.” a Not at all! A doubt was possible in certain circumstances. But that is not to say that I did doubt,  or  even  could  doubt.  (What  is  to  be  said  about  the  psychological ‘atmosphere’ of a process is connected with that.)  Only  intuition  could  have  removed  this  doubt?  a If  intuition  is  an inner  voice  a how  do  I  know  how  I  am  to  follow  it?  And  how  do  I know  that  it  doesn’t  mislead  me?  For  if  it  can  guide  me  right,  it  can also guide me wrong.  ( (Intuition an unnecessary evasion.) ) 
214. If an intuition is necessary for continuing the series 1 2 3 4 . . . , then also for continuing the series 2 2 2 2 . . . 
215. But isn’t at least the same the same?  For identity we seem to have an infallible paradigm: namely, in the identity of a thing with itself. I feel like saying: “Here at any rate there can’t be different interpretations. If someone sees a thing, he sees identity too.”    Then are two things the same when they are what one thing is? And how  am  I  to  apply  what  the  one  thing  shows  me  to  the  case  of  two things? 
216. “A thing is identical with itself.” a There is no ﬁner example of a useless sentence, which nevertheless is connected with a certain play of the imagination. It is as if in our imagination we put a thing into its own shape and saw that it ﬁtted. |85|  We might also say: “Every thing ﬁts into itself.” a Or again: “Every thing ﬁts into its own shape.” While saying this, one looks at a thing and imagines that there was a space left for it and that now it ﬁts into it exactly.  Does this spot   ‘ﬁt’ into its white surrounding? a But that is just how it would look if there had at ﬁrst been a hole in its place and it then  ﬁtted  into  the  hole.  So  when  we  say  “it  ﬁts”,  we  are  describing not simply this picture, not simply this situation.  “Every  coloured  patch  ﬁts  exactly  into  its  surrounding”  is  a  some what specialized form of the law of identity. 
217. “How am I able to follow a rule?” a If this is not a question about causes,  then  it  is  about  the  justiﬁcation  for  my  acting  in  this way  in complying with the rule.  Once I have exhausted the justiﬁcations, I have reached bedrock, and my  spade  is  turned.  Then  I  am  inclined  to  say:  “This  is  simply  what  I do.”  (Remember that we sometimes demand explanations for the sake not of their content, but of their form. Our requirement is an architectural one; the explanation a kind of sham corbel that supports nothing.) 
218. Whence the idea that the beginning of a series is a visible section of rails invisibly laid to inﬁnity? Well, we might imagine rails instead of  a  rule.  And  inﬁnitely  long  rails  correspond  to  the  unlimited  application of a rule. 
219. “All the steps are really already taken” means: I no longer have any  choice.  The  rule,  once  stamped  with  a  particular  meaning,  traces the lines along which it is to be followed through the whole of space. —–  But  if  something  of  this  sort  really  were  the  case,  how  would  it  help me?  No;  my  description  made  sense  only  if  it  was  to  be  understood   symbolically. a I should say: This is how it strikes me.    When I follow the rule, I do not choose. I follow the rule blindly. 
220. But what is the purpose of that symbolical sentence? It was supposed to highlight a difference between causal and logical dependence. 
221. My  symbolical  expression  was  really  a  mythological  description of the use of a rule. |86| 
222. “The line intimates to me the way I am to go.” a But that is, of course, only a picture. And if I judged that it intimated this or that, as it were, irresponsibly, I wouldn’t say that I was following it like a rule. 
223. One does not feel that one has always got to wait upon the nod (the prompt) of the rule. On the contrary, we are not on tenterhooks about what it will tell us next, but it always tells us the same, and we do what it tells us.  One might say to the person one was training: “Look, I always do  the same thing: I . . .” 
224. The  word  “accord”  and  the  word  “rule”  are  related to  one another;  they  are  cousins.  If  I  teach  anyone  the  use  of  the  one  word, he learns the use of the other with it.     
225. The use of the word “rule” and the use of the word “same” are interwoven. (As are the use of “proposition” and the use of “true”.) 
226. Suppose someone continues the sequence 1, 3, 5, 7, . . . in expanding the series 2x − 1. And now he asks himself, “But am I always doing the same thing, or something different every time?”  If, from one day to the next, someone promises: “Tomorrow I’ll come to see you” a is he saying the same thing every day, or every day something different? 
227. Would it make sense to say: “If he did something different every time, we wouldn’t say he was following a rule”? That makes no sense. 
228. “A series presents us with one face!” a All right, but which one? Well,  surely,  the  algebraic  one,  with  a  segment  of  the  expansion.  Or does it have yet another face? a “But surely everything is already contained in this one!” a But that is not an observation about the segment    of the series, or about anything that we notice in it; it gives expression to the fact that all we do is read the lips of the rule and act, without appealing to anything else for guidance. 
229. I believe that I faintly perceive a pattern in the segment of the series, a characteristic feature, which needs only an “and so on” in order to reach to inﬁnity. 
230. “The line intimates to me the way I’m to go” is only a paraphrase of: it is my ﬁnal court of appeal for the way I’m to go. 
231. “But, surely you can see . . . !” That’s precisely the characteristic exclamation of someone who is compelled by a rule. |87| 
232. Suppose that a rule intimates to me how I’m to follow it; that is, as my eye travels along the line, an inner voice tells me “Draw this way!’ a What’s the difference between this process of following a kind of inspiration  and  that  of  following  a  rule?  For  they  surely  aren’t  the  same.  In  the  case  of  inspiration,  I  await direction.  I  won’t  be  able  to  teach anyone  else  my  ‘technique’  of  following  the  line.  Unless,  indeed,  I  teach him some way of listening, some kind of receptivity. But then, of course, I can’t expect him to follow the line in the same way as I do. These aren’t the experiences I have gained from acting from inspiration and from acting according to a rule; they’re grammatical remarks. 
233. One might also imagine such instruction in a certain kind of arithmetic. Children could then calculate, each in their own way a as long as they listened to their inner voice and followed it. Calculating in this way would resemble a sort of composing. 
234. Wouldn’t  it  be  possible  for  us,  however,  to  calculate  as  we  actually do (all agreeing, and so on), and still at every step to have a feeling  of  being  guided  by  the  rules  as  by  a  spell,  astonished  perhaps at the fact that we agreed? (Perhaps giving thanks to the Deity for this agreement.) 
235. From this you can see how much there is to the physiognomy of what we call “following a rule” in everyday life. 
236. Calculating prodigies who arrive at the correct result but can’t say how. Are we to say that they do not calculate? (A family of cases.)   
237. Imagine someone following a line that serves him as a rule in this way: he holds a pair of compasses, and guides one of its points along the line that is the ‘rule’, while the other one draws the line that follows the rule. And while he moves along the rule, he alters the opening  of  the  compasses,  apparently  with  great  precision,  looking  at  the rule the whole time as if it determined what he did. And watching him, we  see  no  regularity  of  any  kind  in  this  opening  and  shutting  of  the compasses. We can’t learn his way of following the line from him. Here perhaps  we  really  would  say:  “The  original  seems  to  intimate to  him how he has to go. But it is not a rule.” 
238. The rule can only seem to me to produce all its consequences in advance if I draw them as a matter of course. As much as it is a matter |88| of course for me to call this colour “blue”. (Criteria for ‘its being a matter of course’ for me.) 
239. How is he to know what colour he is to pick out when he hears “red”? a Quite simple: he is to take the colour whose image occurs to him when he hears the word. a But how is he to know which colour it is ‘whose image occurs to him’? Is a further criterion needed for that? (There is indeed such a procedure as choosing the colour which occurs to one when one hears the word “. . .”.)  “ ‘Red’  means  the  colour  that  occurs  to  me  when  I  hear  the  word ‘red’ ” a would be a deﬁnition. Not an explanation of what signifying something by a word essentially is. 
240. Disputes do not break out (among mathematicians, say) over the question of whether or not a rule has been followed. People don’t come to blows over it, for example. This belongs to the scaffolding from which our language operates (for example, yields descriptions). 
241. “So you are saying that human agreement decides what is true and what is false?” a What is true or false is what human beings say; and it is in their language that human beings agree. This is agreement not in opinions, but rather in form of life. 
242. It is not only agreement in deﬁnitions, but also (odd as it may sound) agreement in judgements that is required for communication by means of  language.  This  seems  to  abolish  logic,  but  does  not  do  so.  a It  is one thing to describe methods of measurement, and another to obtain    and state results of measurement. But what we call “measuring” is in part determined by a certain constancy in results of measurement. 
243. A human being can encourage himself, give himself orders, obey, blame  and  punish  himself;  he  can  ask  himself  a  question  and  answer it. So one could imagine human beings who spoke only in monologue, who  accompanied  their  activities  by  talking  to  themselves.  a An explorer who watched them and listened to their talk might succeed in translating their language into ours. (This would enable him to predict these people’s actions correctly, for he also hears them making resolutions and decisions.)  But is it also conceivable that there be a language in which a person could write down or give voice to his inner experiences a his feelings, moods, and so on a for his own use? —– Well, can’t we do so in our ordinary language? a But that is not what I mean. The |89| words of this language are to refer to what only the speaker can know a to his immediate private sensations. So another person cannot understand the language. 
244. How  do  words  refer  to  sensations?  a There  doesn’t  seem  to  be  any  problem  here;  don’t  we  talk  about  sensations  every  day,  and  name them? But how is the connection between the name and the thing named set up? This question is the same as: How does a human being learn  the  meaning  of  names  of  sensations?  For  example,  of  the  word “pain”.  Here  is  one  possibility:  words  are  connected  with  the  primitive,  natural,  expressions  of  sensation  and  used  in  their  place.  A  child has hurt himself and he cries; then adults talk to him and teach him  exclamations  and,  later,  sentences.  They  teach  the  child  new  pain-behaviour.  “So you are saying that the word ‘pain’ really means crying?” a On the contrary: the verbal expression of pain replaces crying, it does not describe it. 
245. How  can  I  even  attempt  to  interpose  language  between  the expression of pain and the pain? 
246. In what sense are my sensations private? a Well, only I can know whether I am really in pain; another person can only surmise it. a In one way this is false, and in another nonsense. If we are using the word “know” as it is normally used (and how else are we to use it?), then other people very often know if I’m in pain. a Yes, but all the same,    not with the certainty with which I know it myself! a It can’t be said of me at all (except perhaps as a joke) that I know I’m in pain. What is it supposed to mean a except perhaps that I am in pain?  Other people cannot be said to learn of my sensations only from my  behaviour a for I cannot be said to learn of them. I have them.  This much is true: it makes sense to say about other people that they  doubt whether I am in pain; but not to say it about myself. 
247. “Only  you  can  know  if  you  had  that  intention.”  One  might  tell someone this when explaining the meaning of the word “intention” to him. For then it means: that is how we use it.  (And here “know” means that the expression of uncertainty is sense less.) |90| 
248. The sentence “Sensations are private” is comparable to “One plays patience by oneself”. 
249. Are  we  perhaps  over-hasty  in  our  assumption  that  the  smile  of a baby is not pretence? a And on what experience is our assumption based?  (Lying is a language-game that needs to be learned like any other one.) 
250. Why can’t a dog simulate pain? Is it too honest? Could one teach a  dog  to  simulate  pain?  Perhaps  it  is  possible  to  teach  it  to  howl  on particular  occasions  as  if  it  were  in  pain,  even  when  it  isn’t.  But  the right surroundings for this behaviour to be real simulation would still be missing. 
251. What does it mean when we say, “I can’t imagine the opposite of this” or “What would it be like if it were otherwise?” a For example, when someone has said that my mental images are private; or that only I myself can know whether I am feeling pain; and so forth.  Of course, here “I can’t imagine the opposite” doesn’t mean: my powers of imagination are unequal to the task. We use these words to fend off something whose form produces the illusion of being an empirical proposition, but which is really a grammatical one.  But why do I say: “I can’t imagine the opposite”? Why not: “I can’t  imagine what you say”?    Example: “Every rod has a length.” That means something like: we call something (or this) “the length of a rod” a but nothing “the length of a sphere”. Now can I imagine ‘every rod having a length’? Well, I just imagine a rod; and that is all. Only this picture, in connection with this proposition, has a quite different role from one used in connection with  the  proposition  “This  table  has  the  same  length  as  the  one  over there”.  For  here  I  understand  what  it  means  to  have  a  picture  of  the opposite (and it doesn’t have to be a mental picture either).  But the picture that goes together with the grammatical proposition could only show, say, what is called “the length of a rod”. And what should the opposite picture be?  ( (Remark about the negation of an a priori proposition.) ) 
252. “This body has extension.” To these words we could respond by saying: “Nonsense!” a but are inclined to reply “Of course!” a Why? |91| 
253. “Another person can’t have my pains.” a My pains a what pains are  they?  What  counts  as  a  criterion  of  identity  here?  Consider  what makes it possible in the case of physical objects to speak of “two exactly the same”: for example, to say, “This chair is not the one you saw here yesterday, but is exactly the same as it”.  In so far as it makes sense to say that my pain is the same as his, it is also possible for us both to have the same pain. (And it would also be conceivable that two people feel pain in the same a not just the corresponding  a place.  That  might  be  the  case  with  Siamese  twins,  for instance.)  I have seen a person in a discussion on this subject strike himself on the breast and say: “But surely another person can’t have this pain!” a The answer to this is that one does not deﬁne a criterion of identity by emphatically enunciating the word “this”. Rather, the emphasis merely creates  the  illusion  of  a  case  in  which  we  are  conversant  with  such  a criterion of identity, but have to be reminded of it. 
254. The  substitution  of  “identical”  for  “the  same”  (for  example)  is another  typical  expedient  in  philosophy.  As  if  we  were  talking  about shades of meaning, and all that were in question were to ﬁnd words to hit on the correct nuance. And that is in question in philosophy only where we have to give a psychologically accurate account of the temptation  to  use  a  particular  mode  of  expression.  What  we  are  ‘tempted    to  say’  in  such  a  case  is,  of  course,  not  philosophy;  but  it  is  its  raw material. So, for example, what a mathematician is inclined to say about the objectivity and reality of mathematical facts is not a philosophy of mathematics, but something for philosophical treatment. 
255. The philosopher treats a question; like an illness. 
256. Now, what about the language which describes my inner experiences  and  which  only  I  myself  can  understand?  How do  I  use  words to signify my sensations? a As we ordinarily do? Then are my words for sensations tied up with my natural expressions of sensation? In that case my language is not a ‘private’ one. Someone else might understand it as well as I. a But suppose I didn’t have any natural expression of sensation, but only had sensations? And now I simply associate names with sensations, and use these names in descriptions. a |92| 
257. “What would it be like if human beings did not manifest their pains (did not groan, grimace, etc.)? Then it would be impossible to teach a child  the  use  of  the  word  ‘toothache’.”  a Well,  let’s  assume  that  the child  is  a  genius  and  invents  a  name  for  the  sensation  by  himself!  a But then, of course, he couldn’t make himself understood when he used the  word.  a So  does  he  understand  the  name,  without  being  able  to explain  its  meaning  to  anyone?  a But  what  does  it  mean  to  say  that he has ‘named his pain’? a How has he managed this naming of pain? And  whatever  he  did,  what  was  its  purpose?  a When  one  says  “He gave a name to his sensation”, one forgets that much must be prepared in  the  language  for  mere  naming  to  make  sense.  And  if  we  speak  of someone’s giving a name to a pain, the grammar of the word “pain” is what has been prepared here; it indicates the post where the new word is stationed. 
258. Let’s imagine the following case. I want to keep a diary about the recurrence of a certain sensation. To this end I associate it with the sign “S” and write this sign in a calendar for every day on which I have the sensation. —– I ﬁrst want to observe that a deﬁnition of the sign cannot be formulated. a But all the same, I can give one to myself as a kind of  ostensive  deﬁnition!  a How?  Can  I  point  to  the  sensation? a Not in the ordinary sense. But I speak, or write the sign down, and at the same time I concentrate my attention on the sensation a and so, as it were, point to it inwardly. a But what is this ceremony for? For that    is all it seems to be! A deﬁnition serves to lay down the meaning of a sign, doesn’t it? a Well, that is done precisely by concentrating my attention; for in this way I commit to memory the connection between the sign and the sensation. a But “I commit it to memory” can only mean: this  process  brings  it  about  that  I  remember  the  connection  correctly in the future. But in the present case, I have no criterion of correctness. One would like to say: whatever is going to seem correct to me is correct. And that only means that here we can’t talk about ‘correct’. 
259. Are the rules of the private language impressions of rules? a The balance  on  which  impressions  are  weighed  is  not  the  impression of  a balance. 
260. “Well, I believe that this is the sensation S again.” a Perhaps you believe that you believe it!  Then  did  the  man  who  made  the  entry  in  the  calendar  make  a  note |93| of nothing whatever? a Don’t consider it a matter of course that  a  person  is  making  a  note  of  something  when  he  makes  a  mark  a say  in  a  calendar.  For  a  note  has  a  function,  and  this  “S”  so  far  has none.  (One can talk to oneself. a Is everyone who speaks when no one else  is present talking to himself?) 
261. What  reason  have  we  for  calling  “S”  the  sign  for  a  sensation?  For  “sensation”  is  a  word  of  our  common  language,  which  is  not  a language intelligible only to me. So the use of this word stands in need of  a  justiﬁcation  which  everybody  understands.  a And  it  would  not  help either to say that it need not be a sensation; that when he writes “S”  he  has  Something  b and  that  is  all  that  can  be  said.  But  “has”  and  “something”  also  belong  to  our  common  language.  a So  in  the end,  when  one  is  doing  philosophy,  one  gets  to  the  point  where  one would like just to emit an inarticulate sound. a But such a sound is an expression  only  in  a  particular  language-game,  which  now  has  to  be described. 
262. One  might  say:  someone  who  has  given  himself  a  private  explanation of a word must inwardly resolve to use the word in suchand-such  a  way.  And  how  does  he  resolve  that?  Should  I  assume  that he invents the technique of applying the word; or that he found it ready-made?   
263. “Surely I can (inwardly) resolve to call this ‘pain’ in the future.” a “But  is  it  certain  that  you  have  resolved  this?  Are  you  sure  that  it was enough for this purpose to concentrate your attention on your feeling?” a An odd question. a 
264. “Once you know what the word signiﬁes, you understand it, you know its whole application.” 
265. Let us imagine a table, something like a dictionary, that exists only in our imagination. A dictionary can be used to justify the translation of  a  word  X  by  a  word  Y.  But  are  we  also  to  call  it  a  justiﬁcation  if such a table is to be looked up only in the imagination? a “Well, yes; then  it  is  a  subjective  justiﬁcation.”  a But  justiﬁcation  consists  in appealing to an independent authority a “But surely I can appeal from one memory to another. For example, I don’t know if I have remembered the time of departure of a train correctly, and to check it I call to mind how a page of the timetable looked. Isn’t this the same sort of case?” No; for this procedure must now actually call forth |94| the correct memory.  If  the  mental  image  of  the  timetable  could  not  itself  be tested for correctness, how could it conﬁrm the correctness of the ﬁrst memory? (As if someone were to buy several copies of today’s morning paper to assure himself that what it said was true.)  Looking up a table in the imagination is no more looking up a table than the image of the result of an imagined experiment is the result of an experiment. 
266. I can look at a clock to see what time it is. But I can also look at the  dial  of  a  clock  in  order  to  guess  what  time  it  is;  or  for  the  same purpose move the hands of a clock till their position strikes me as right. So the look of a clock may serve to determine the time in more than one way. (Looking at a clock in one’s imagination.) 
267. Suppose I wanted to justify the choice of dimensions for a bridge which I imagine being built, by ﬁrst imagining making loading tests on the material of the bridge. This would, of course, be to imagine what is called justifying the choice of dimensions for a bridge. But would we also call it justifying an imagined choice of dimensions?   
268. Why can’t my right hand give my left hand money? a My right hand can put it into my left hand. My right hand can write a deed of gift, and my left hand a receipt. a But the further practical consequences would not be those of a gift. When the left hand has taken the money from the right, and so forth, one will ask, “Well, and now what?” And the same could be asked if a person had given himself a private explanation of a word; I mean, if he has said the word to himself and at the same time has directed his attention to a sensation. 
269. Let  us  remember  that  there  are  certain  criteria  in  a  man’s behaviour for his not understanding a word: that it means nothing to him, that he can do nothing with it. And criteria for  his ‘thinking  he understands’,  attaching  some  meaning  to  the  word,  but  not  the  right one. And lastly, criteria for his understanding the word correctly. In the second  case,  one  might  speak  of  a  subjective  understanding.  And sounds  which  no  one  else  understands  but  which  I  ‘appear  to  understand’ might be called a “private language”. 
270. Let  us  now  imagine  a  use  for  the  entry  of  the  sign  “S”  in  my  diary.  I  ﬁnd  out  the  following  from  experience:  whenever  I  have  a  particular sensation, a manometer |95| shows that my blood pressure is rising. This puts me in a position to report that my blood pressure is rising without using any apparatus. This is a useful result. And now it seems quite indifferent whether I’ve recognized the sensation correctly or not. Suppose that I regularly make a mistake in identifying it, this does not make any difference at all. And this alone shows that the supposition  of  this  mistake  was  merely  sham.  (We,  as  it  were,  turned  a knob  which  looked  as  if  it  could  be  used  to  adjust  something  in  the machine; but it was a mere ornament not connected with the mechanism at all.)  And what reason do we have here for calling “S” the name of a sensation? Perhaps the kind of way this sign is employed in this languagegame. a And why a “particular sensation”: that is, the same one every time? Well, we’re supposing, aren’t we, that we write “S” every time. 
271. “Imagine a person who could not remember what the word ‘pain’ meant a so that he constantly called different things by that name a but nevertheless used it in accordance with the usual symptoms and presuppositions of pain” a in short, he uses it as we all do. Here I’d like to say: a wheel that can be turned though nothing else moves with it is not part of the mechanism.         
272. The essential thing about private experience is really not that each person  possesses  his  own  specimen,  but  that  nobody  knows  whether other people also have this or something else. The assumption would thus be possible a though unveriﬁable a that one section of mankind had one visual impression of red, and another section another. 
273. What about the word “red”? a Am I to say that it signiﬁes something ‘confronting us all’, and that everyone should really have another word, besides this one, to signify his  own impression of red? Or is it like  this:  the  word  “red”  signiﬁes  something  known  to  us  all;  and  in addition,  for  each  person,  it  signiﬁes  something  known  only  to  him? (Or perhaps, rather: it refers to something known only to him.) 
274. Of  course,  saying  that  the  word  “red”  “refers to”  rather  than “signiﬁes” something private does not help us in the least to grasp its function;  but  it  is  the  more  psychologically  apt  expression  for  a  particular  experience  in  doing  philosophy.  It  is  as  if,  when  I  uttered  the word,  I  cast  a  sidelong  glance  at  my  own  colour  impression,  as  it  were,  in  order  to  say  to  myself:  I  know  all  right  what  I  mean  by  the word. |96| 
275. Look at the blue of the sky and say to yourself, “How blue the sky is!” a When you do it spontaneously a without philosophical purposes a the idea never crosses your mind that this impression of colour belongs only to you. And you have no qualms about exclaiming thus to another. And if you point at anything as you say the words, it is at the sky. I mean: you don’t have the pointing-into-yourself feeling that often accompanies ‘naming sensations’ when one is thinking about the ‘private language’. Nor do you think that really you ought to point at the colour not with your hand, but with your attention. (Consider what “to point at something with one’s attention” means.) 
276. “But don’t we at least mean something quite deﬁnite when we look at  a  colour  and  name  our  colour  impression?”  It  is  virtually  as  if  we detached the colour impression from the object, like a membrane. (This ought to arouse our suspicions.) 
277. But  how  is  it  even  possible  for  one  to  be  tempted  to  think  that one uses a word to mean at one time the colour known to everyone a and  at  another  time  the  ‘visual  impression’  which  I  am  getting  now? How can there be so much as a temptation here? —– I don’t turn the    same  kind  of  attention  on  the  colour  in  the  two  cases.  When  I  mean the colour impression that (as I should like to say) belongs to me alone, I  immerse  myself  in  the  colour  a rather  like  when  I  ‘can’t  get  my  ﬁll of  a  colour’.  That’s  why  it  is  easier  to  produce  this  experience  when one is looking at a bright colour, or at a colour scheme which sticks in our memory. 
278. “I know how the colour green looks to me” a surely that makes sense! a Certainly; what use of the sentence are you thinking of? 
279. Imagine someone saying, “But I know how tall I am!” and laying his hand on top of his head to indicate it! 
280. Someone  paints  a  picture  in  order  to  show,  for  example,  how  he  imagines  a  stage  set.  And  now  I  say:  “This  picture  has  a  double  function:  it  informs  others,  as  pictures  or  words  do  —–  but  for  the  informant it is in addition a representation (or piece of information?) of another kind: for him it is the picture of his image, as it can’t be for anyone else. His private impression of the picture tells him what he imagined, in a sense in which the picture can’t do this for others.” a And what  right  have  I  to  speak  in  this  second  |97| case  of  a  representation or piece of information a if these words were correctly used in the ﬁrst case? 
281. “But doesn’t what you say amount to this: that there is no pain, for example, without pain-behaviour?” a It amounts to this: that only of a living human being and what resembles (behaves like) a living human being can one say: it has sensations; it sees; is blind; hears; is deaf; is conscious or unconscious. 
282. “But in a fairy tale a pot too can see and hear!” (Certainly; but it can also talk.)  “But  a  fairy  tale  only  invents  what  is  not  the  case;  it  does  not  talk  nonsense,  does  it?”  a It’s  not  as  simple  as  that.  Is  it  untrue  or  nonsensical  to  say  that  a  pot  talks?  Does  one  have  a  clear  idea  of  the  circumstances  in  which  we’d  say  of  a  pot  that  it  talked?  (Even  a nonsense poem is not nonsense in the same way as the babble of a baby.)  We do indeed say of an inanimate thing that it is in pain: when playing with dolls, for example. But this use of the concept of pain is a secondary one. Imagine a case in which people said only of inanimate things    that they are in pain; pitied only dolls! (When children play trains, their game is connected with their acquaintance with trains. It would nevertheless be possible for the children of a tribe unacquainted with trains to learn this game from others, and to play it without knowing that it was imitating anything. One could say that the game did not make the same kind of sense to them as to us.) 
283. What  gives  us  so  much  as  the  idea  that  beings,  things,  can  feel?  Is it that my education has led me to it by drawing my attention to feelings  in  myself,  and  now  I  transfer  the  idea  to  objects  outside myself? That I recognize that there is something there (in me) which I can call “pain” without getting into conﬂict with other people’s usage? a I do not transfer my idea to stones, plants, and so on.  Couldn’t  I  imagine  having  frightful  pains  and,  while  they  were  going on, turning to stone. Indeed, how do I know, if I shut my eyes, whether I have not turned into a stone? a And if that has happened, in  what  sense  will  the  stone  have  pains?  In  what  sense  will  they  be  ascribable to a stone? Why indeed should the pain here have a bearer at all?!  And  can  one  say  of  the  stone  that  it  has  a  mind,  and  that  is  what has the pain? What has a mind, what have pains, to do with a stone? |98|  Only  of  what  behaves  like  a  human  being  can  one  say  that  it  has  pains.  For one has to say it of a body, or, if you like, of a mind which some  body has. And how can a body have a mind? 
284. Look at a stone and imagine it having sensations. a One says to oneself: How could one so much as get the idea of ascribing a sensation to a thing? One might as well ascribe it to a number! a And now look at a wriggling ﬂy, and at once these difﬁculties vanish, and pain seems able to get a foothold here, where before everything was, so to speak, too smooth for it.  And so, too, a corpse seems to us quite inaccessible to pain. a Our attitude to what is alive and to what is dead is not the same. All our reactions are different. a If someone says, “That cannot simply come from the fact that living beings move in such-and-such ways and dead ones  don’t”,  then  I  want  to  suggest  to  him  that  this  is  a  case  of  the transition ‘from quantity to quality’.   
285. Think of the recognition of facial expressions. Or of the description of facial expressions a which does not consist in giving the measurements  of  the  face!  Think,  too,  how  one  can  imitate  a  man’s  face without seeing one’s own in a mirror. 
286. But isn’t it absurd to say of a body that it has pain? —– And why does  one  feel  an  absurdity  in  that?  In  what  sense  does  my  hand  not feel pain, but I in my hand?  What sort of issue is this: Is it the body that feels pain? a How is it to  be  decided?  How  does  it  become  clear  that  it  is  not the  body?  a Well, something like this: if someone has a pain in his hand, then the hand does not say so (unless it writes it), and one does not comfort the hand, but the sufferer: one looks into his eyes. 
287. How am I ﬁlled with pity for this human being? How does it come out  what  the  object  of  my  pity  is?  (Pity,  one  may  say,  is  one  form  of being convinced that someone else is in pain.) 
288. I turn to stone, and my pain goes on. a What if I were mistaken, and it was no longer pain? —– But surely I can’t be mistaken here; it means nothing to doubt whether I am in pain! a That is, if someone said “I don’t know if what I have is a pain or something else”, we would think, perhaps, that he does not know what the |99| English word “pain” means; and we’d explain it to him. a How? Perhaps by means of gestures, or by pricking him with a pin and saying, “See, that’s pain!” This explanation  of  a  word,  like  any  other,  he  might  understand  rightly, wrongly, or not at all. And he will show which by his use of the word, in this as in other cases.  If he now said, for example, “Oh, I know what ‘pain’ means; what I don’t know is whether this, that I have now, is pain” a we’d merely shake  our  heads  and  have  to  regard  his  words  as  a  strange  reaction which  we  can’t  make  anything  of.  (It  would  be  rather  as  if  we  heard someone  say  seriously,  “I  distinctly  remember  that  sometime  before  I was born I believed . . .”)  That expression of doubt has no place in the language-game; but if expressions of sensation a human behaviour a are excluded, it looks as  if  I  might  then  legitimately begin  to  doubt.  My  temptation  to  say that one might take a sensation for something other than what it is arises from this: if I assume the abrogation of the normal language-game with the  expression  of  a  sensation,  I  need  a  criterion  of  identity  for  the  sensation; and then the possibility of error also exists.   
289. “When I say ‘I am in pain’, I am at any rate justiﬁed before myself.” a What does that mean? Does it mean: “If someone else could know what  I  am  calling  ‘pain’,  he  would  admit  that  I  was  using  the  word correctly”?  To  use  a  word  without  a  justiﬁcation  does  not  mean  to  use  it   wrongfully. 
290. It is not, of course, that I identify my sensation by means of criteria; it is, rather, that I use the same expression. But it is not as if the language-game ends with this; it begins with it.  But  doesn’t  it  begin  with  the  sensation  a which  I  describe?  a Perhaps this word “describe” tricks us here. I say “I describe my state of mind” and “I describe my room”. One needs to call to mind the differences between the language-games. 
291. What  we  call  “descriptions”  are  instruments  for  particular  uses. Think  of  a  machine-drawing,  a  cross-section,  an  elevation  with  measurements,  which  an  engineer  has  before  him.  Thinking  of  a  description as a word-picture of the facts has something misleading about it: one tends to think only of such pictures as hang on our walls, which seem  simply  to  depict  how  a  thing  looks,  what  it  is  like.  (These  pictures are, as it were, idle.) |100| 
292. Don’t always think that you read off what you say from the facts; that you depict these in words according to rules! For you would still have to apply the rule in the particular case without guidance. 
293. If  I  say  of  myself  that  it  is  only  from  my  own  case  that  I  know what  the  word  “pain”  means  a must  I  not  say  that of  other  people too? And how can I generalize the one case so irresponsibly?  Well,  everyone  tells  me  that  he  knows  what  pain  is  only  from  his own case! —– Suppose that everyone had a box with something in it which we call a “beetle”. No one can ever look into anyone else’s box, and  everyone  says  he  knows  what  a  beetle  is  only  by  looking  at  his beetle. a Here it would be quite possible for everyone to have something  different  in  his  box.  One  might  even  imagine  such  a  thing  constantly changing. a But what if these people’s word “beetle” had a use nonetheless? a If so, it would not be as the name of a thing. The thing in  the  box  doesn’t  belong  to  the  language-game  at  all;  not  even  as  a Something:  for  the  box  might  even  be  empty.  a No,  one  can  ‘divide through’ by the thing in the box; it cancels out, whatever it is.    That  is  to  say,  if  we  construe  the  grammar  of  the  expression  of  sensation  on  the  model  of  ‘object  and  name’,  the  object  drops  out  of consideration as irrelevant. 
294. If you say that he sees a private picture before him, which he is describing,  you  have  at  any  rate  made  an  assumption  about  what  he has before him. And this means that you can describe it or do describe it more closely. If you admit that you have no idea what kind of thing it might be that he has before him a then what seduces you into saying, in spite of that, that he has something before him? Isn’t it as if I were to say of someone: “He has something. But I don’t know whether it is money, or debts, or an empty till.” 
295. “I know . . . only from my own case” a what kind of proposition is this meant to be? An empirical one? No. a A grammatical one?  So  this  is  what  I  imagine:  everyone  says  of  himself  that  he  knows what pain is only from his own pain. a Not that people really say that, or are even prepared to say it. But if everybody said it —– it might be a kind of exclamation. And even if it gives no information, still, it is a picture; and why should we not want to call such a picture before our mind? Imagine an allegorical painting instead of the words.  Indeed, when we look into ourselves as we do philosophy, we often get to |101| see just such a picture. Virtually a pictorial representation of our grammar. Not facts; but, as it were, illustrated turns of speech. 
296. “Right; but there is a Something there all the same, which accompanies my cry of pain! And it is on account of this that I utter it. And this Something is what is important a and frightful.” a Only to whom are we telling this? And on what occasion? 
297. Of  course,  if  water  boils  in  a  pot,  steam  comes  out  of  the  pot, and also a picture of steam comes out of a picture of the pot. But what if one insisted on saying that there must also be something boiling in the picture of the pot? 
298. The  very  fact  that  we’d  so  much  like  to  say  “This is  the  important  thing”  a while  we  point  for  ourselves  to  the  sensation  a is  enough to show how much we are inclined to say something which is not informative.   
299. Being  unable  a when  we  indulge  in  philosophical  thought  a to help  saying  something  or  other,  being  irresistibly  inclined  to  say  it  a does  not  mean  being  forced  into  an  assumption,  or  having  an  immediate insight into, or knowledge of, a state of affairs. 
300. It  is,  one  would  like  to  say,  not  merely  the  picture  of  the behaviour that belongs to the language-game with the words “he is in pain”, but also the picture of the pain. Or, not merely the paradigm of the behaviour, but also that of the pain. a It is a misunderstanding to say “The picture of pain enters into the language-game with the word ‘pain’ ”. Pain in the imagination is not a picture, and it is not replaceable in the language-game by anything that we’d call a picture. a Imagined pain certainly enters into the language-game in a sense; only not as a picture. 
301. What is in the imagination is not a picture, but a picture can correspond to it. 
302. If one has to imagine someone else’s pain on the model of one’s own,  this  is  none  too  easy  a  thing  to  do:  for  I  have  to  imagine  pain which I don’t feel on the model of pain which I do feel. That is, what I have to do is not simply to make a transition in the imagination from pain in one place to pain in another. As from pain in the hand to pain in the arm. For it is not as if I had to imagine that I feel pain in some part of his body. (Which would also be possible.)  Pain-behaviour can indicate a painful place a but the person who is  suffering is the person who manifests pain. |102| 
303. “I can only believe that someone else is in pain, but I know it if I am.” a Yes: one can resolve to say “I believe he is in pain” instead of “He is in pain”. But that’s all. —– What looks like an explanation here, or like a statement about a mental process, in truth just exchanges one way of talking for another which, while we are doing philosophy, seems to us the more apt.  Just try a in a real case a to doubt someone else’s fear or pain! 
304. “But you will surely admit that there is a difference between painbehaviour  with  pain  and  pain-behaviour  without  pain.”  a Admit  it? What greater difference could there be? a “And yet you again and again reach the conclusion that the sensation itself is a Nothing.” a Not at    all. It’s not a Something, but not a Nothing either! The conclusion was only that a Nothing would render the same service as a Something about which nothing could be said. We’ve only rejected the grammar which tends to force itself on us here.  The  paradox  disappears  only  if  we  make  a  radical  break  with  the idea that language always functions in one way, always serves the same purpose: to convey thoughts a which may be about houses, pains, good and evil, or whatever. 
305. “But  you  surely  can’t  deny  that,  for  example,  in  remembering,  an  inner  process  takes  place.”  a What  gives  the  impression  that  we  want  to  deny  anything?  When  one  says,  “Still,  an  inner  process  does take place here” a one wants to go on: “After all, you see it.” And it is  this  inner  process  that  one  means  by  the  word  “remembering”.  a The impression that we wanted to deny something arises from our setting  our  face  against  the  picture  of  an  ‘inner  process’.  What  we  deny is that the picture of an inner process gives us the correct idea of the use of the word “remember”. Indeed, we’re saying that this picture, with its ramiﬁcations, stands in the way of our seeing the use of the word as it is. 
306. Why ever should I deny that there is a mental process? It is only that  “There  has  just  taken  place  in  me  the  mental  process  of  remembering . . .” means nothing more than “I have just remembered . . .” To deny the mental process would mean to deny the remembering; to deny that anyone ever remembers anything. 
307. “Aren’t you nevertheless a behaviourist in disguise? Aren’t you nevertheless basically saying that everything except human behaviour is |103| a ﬁction?” a If I speak of a ﬁction, then it is of a grammatical ﬁction. 
308. How does the philosophical problem about mental processes and states and about behaviourism arise? —– The ﬁrst step is the one that altogether escapes notice. We talk of processes and states, and leave their nature  undecided.  Sometime  perhaps  we’ll  know  more  about  them  a we think. But that’s just what commits us to a particular way of looking at the matter. For we have a certain conception of what it means to learn to know a process better. (The decisive movement in the conjuring  trick  has  been  made,  and  it  was  the  very  one  that  seemed  to  us  quite  innocent.)  a And  now  the  analogy  which  was  to  make  us  understand  our  thoughts  falls  to  pieces.  So  we  have  to  deny  the  yet     uncomprehended  process  in  the  yet  unexplored  medium.  And  now  it looks as if we had denied mental processes. And naturally we don’t want to deny them. 
309. What is your aim in philosophy? a To show the ﬂy the way out of the ﬂy-bottle. 
310. I tell someone I’m in pain. His attitude to me will then be that of belief, disbelief, suspicion, and so on.  Let’s  suppose  he  says,  “It’s  not  so  bad”.  a Doesn’t  that  prove  that he believes in something behind my utterance of pain? —– His attitude is  proof  of  his  attitude.  Imagine  not  merely  the  words  “I’m  in  pain”, but also the reply “It’s not so bad”, replaced by instinctive noises and gestures. 
311. “What greater difference could there be?” a In the case of pain, I believe that I can privately give myself an exhibition of the difference. But the difference between a broken and an unbroken tooth I can exhibit to  anyone.  a For  the  private  exhibition,  however,  you  don’t  have  to give yourself actual pain; it is enough to imagine it a for instance, you screw up your face a bit. And do you know that what you are exhibiting to yourself in this way is pain and not, for example, a facial expression? And how do you know what you are to exhibit to yourself before you do it? This private exhibition is an illusion.   
312. But again, aren’t the cases of the tooth and the pain similar? For the  visual  impression  in  the  one  corresponds  to  the  sensation  of  pain in the other. I can exhibit the visual impression to myself as little or as well as the sensation of pain. |104|  Let’s  imagine  the  following.  The  surfaces  of  the  things  around  us (stones, plants, etc.) have patches and regions which cause pain in our skin when we touch them. (Perhaps through the chemical composition of these surfaces. But we needn’t know that.) In this case, we’d speak of pain-patches on the leaf of a particular plant, just as at present we speak of red patches. I’m supposing that it is useful to us to notice these patches and their shapes; that we can infer important properties of the objects from them.   
313. I can exhibit pain, as I exhibit red, and as I exhibit straight and crooked and trees and stones. a That is what we call “exhibiting”. 
314. It indicates a fundamental misunderstanding, if I’m inclined to study my current headache in order to get clear about the philosophical problem of sensation. 
315. Could  someone  who  had  never felt  pain  understand  the  word “pain”? a Is experience to teach me whether this is so or not? a And if we say “A man could not imagine pain without having sometime felt it”, how do we know? How can it be decided whether it’s true? 
316. In order to get clear about the meaning of the word “think”, we watch ourselves thinking; what we observe will be what the word means! a But that’s just not how this concept is used. (It would be as if without knowing how to play chess, I were to try and make out what the word  “checkmate”  meant  by  close  observation  of  the  last  move  of  a game of chess.) 
317. Misleading parallel: a cry, an expression of a pain a a sentence, an expression of a thought.  As if the purpose of a sentence were to convey to one person how it is with another: only, so to speak, in his thinking apparatus, and not in his stomach. 
318. When we speak, or write, with thought a I mean, as we normally do a we wouldn’t, by and large, say that we think more quickly than we talk; rather, the thought seems not to be detached from the expression. On the other hand, however, one does speak of the speed of thought, of how a thought goes through one’s head like lightning, of how problems become clear to us at a stroke, and so on. So it is natural to ask whether the same thing happens in lightning-like thought as in speech that is not thoughtless a only extremely accelerated. So that in the |105| ﬁrst case the clockwork, as it were, runs down all at once, but in the second bit by bit, braked by the words. 
319. I can see, or understand, a thought complete before my mind’s eye in a ﬂash, in the same sense in which I can make a note of it in a few words or a few pencilled dashes.  What makes this note into an epitome of this thought?   
320. A lightning-like thought may stand to a spoken thought as an algebraic formula to a sequence of numbers which I develop from it.  When, for example, I am given an algebraic function, I am certain that I shall be able to work out its values for the arguments 1, 2, 3 . . . up to 10. This certainty will be called ‘well-grounded’, for I have learnt to compute such functions, and so on. In other cases, there will be no grounds a but it will nonetheless be justiﬁed by success. 
321. “What  happens  when  a  man  suddenly  understands?”  ––  The question is badly framed. If it is a question about the meaning of the expression “sudden understanding”, the answer is not to point to a process to which we give this name. a The question might mean: what are the  symptoms  of  sudden  understanding;  what  are  its  characteristic mental accompaniments?  (There  is  no  reason  to  think  that  a  man  feels  his  expressive  facial movements, for example, or alterations in his breathing that are characteristic of some emotion. Even if he feels them as soon as he directs his attention towards them.) ( (Posture.) ) 
322. The question what the expression means is not answered by such a  description;  and  this  tempts  us  to  conclude  that  understanding  is  a speciﬁc, indeﬁnable experience. But one forgets that the question which should be our concern is: how do we compare these experiences; what criterion of identity do we stipulate for their occurrence? 
323. “Now I know how to go on!” is an exclamation; it corresponds to an instinctive sound, a glad start. Of course, it does not follow from my feeling that I won’t ﬁnd I’m stuck when I do try to go on. a Here there are cases in which I’d say: “When I said I knew how to go on, I did know.” One will say that if, for example, an unforeseen interruption  occurs.  But  what  is  unforeseen  must  not  simply  be  that  I  get  stuck. |106|  One could also imagine a case in which light was constantly seeming  to  dawn  on  someone  a he  exclaims  “Now  I  have  it!”,  and  then can never substantiate this in practice. a It might seem to him as if in the twinkling of an eye he forgot again the meaning of the picture that occurred to him. 
324. Would it be correct to say that this is a matter of induction, and that I am as certain that I’ll be able to continue the series as I am that this book will drop to the ground when I let it go; and that I’d be no    less  astonished  if  I  suddenly,  and  for  no  obvious  reason,  got  stuck  in working out the series than I would be if the book remained hanging in the air instead of falling? a To that I’ll reply that we don’t need any grounds for this certainty either. What could justify the certainty better than success? 
325. “The certainty that I’ll be able to go on after I’ve had this experience  a seen  this  formula,  for  example  a is  simply  based  on  induction.” What does this mean? a “The certainty that ﬁre will burn me is based  on  induction.”  Does  it  mean  that  I  reason  to  myself:  “Fire  has always burned me, so it will happen now too”? Or is the previous experience  the  cause of  my  certainty,  not  its  reason?  Whether  the  earlier  experience  is  the  cause  of  the  certainty  depends  on  the  system of  hypotheses,  of  natural  laws,  in  terms  of  which  we  are  considering the phenomenon of certainty.  Is such conﬁdence justiﬁed? a What people accept as a justiﬁcation  shows how they think and live. 
326. We expect this, and are surprised at that. But the chain of reasons has an end. 
327. “Can one think without speaking?” a And what is thinking? Well, don’t you ever think? Can’t you observe yourself and see what is going on?  It  should  be  quite  simple.  You  don’t  have  to  wait  for  it  as  for  an  astronomical  event,  and  then  perhaps  make  your  observation  in  a hurry. 
328. Well,  what  does  one  call  ‘thinking’?  What  has  one  learnt  to  use this word for? a If I say I’ve thought a need I always be right? a What kind of mistake is there room for here? Are there circumstances in which one  would  ask,  “Was  what  I  was  doing  then  really  thinking;  aren’t  I making a mistake?” Suppose someone takes a measurement in the middle of a train of thought: has he interrupted the thinking if he doesn’t say anything to himself while measuring? |107| 
329. When  I  think  in  words,  I  don’t  have  ‘meanings’  in  my  mind  in addition to the verbal expressions; rather, language itself is the vehicle of thought. 
330. Is  thinking  a  kind  of  speaking?  One  would  like  to  say  that  it  is what distinguishes speech with thought from talking without thought.    a And so it seems to be an accompaniment of speech. A process which may accompany something else or go on by itself.  Say:  “Yes,  this  pen  is  blunt.  Oh  well,  it’ll  do.”  First,  with  thought; then without thought; then just think the thought without the words. a Well, while writing, I might test the point of my pen, make a face a and then go on writing with a gesture of resignation. a So too I might, while taking various measurements, act in such a way that an onlooker would say that I had wordlessly thought: if two magnitudes are equal to a third, they are equal to one another. a But what constitutes thought here is not some process which has to accompany the words if they are not to be spoken without thought. 
331. Imagine people who could think only aloud. (As there are people who can read only aloud.) 
332. True, we sometimes call accompanying a sentence by a mental process “thinking”; nonetheless, that accompaniment is not what we call a  “thought”.  —–  Utter  a  sentence,  and  think  it;  utter  it  with  understanding.  a And  now  don’t  utter  it,  and  just  do  what  you  accompanied it with when you uttered it with understanding! a (Sing this song with  expression!  And  now  don’t  sing  it,  but  repeat  its  expression!  a And here too there is something one might repeat: for example, swaying of the body, slower and faster breathing, and so on.) 
333. “Only  someone  who  is  convinced  can  say  that.”  a How  does  the conviction help him when he says it? a Is it present alongside the spoken  expression?  (Or  is  it  masked  by  it,  as  a  soft  sound  by  a  loud one, so that it can, as it were, no longer be heard when one expresses it out loud?) What if someone were to say, “In order to be able to sing a  tune  from  memory,  one  has  to  hear  it  in  one’s  mind  and  sing  from that”? 
334. “So you really wanted to say . . .” a We use this phrase in order to  lead  someone  from  one  form  of  expression  to  another.  One  is tempted  to  use  the  following  picture:  what  he  really  ‘wanted  to  say’, what he ‘meant’, was already present in his mind even |108| before we articulated it. Various kinds of thing may persuade us to give up one expression  and  to  adopt  another  in  its  place.  To  understand  this,  it’s useful  to  consider  the  relation  in  which  solutions  of  mathematical problems stand to their occasion, and the original setting in which they were posed: the concept of trisecting an angle with ruler and compass,    when people are trying to do it, and, on the other hand, when it has been proved that there’s no such thing. 
335. What happens when we make an effort a say in writing a letter a to ﬁnd the right expression for our thoughts? a This way of speaking  compares  the  process  to  one  of  translating  or  describing:  the thoughts are already there (perhaps were there in advance), and we merely look  for  their  expression.  This  picture  is  more  or  less  appropriate  in different  cases.  a But  can’t  all  sorts  of  things  happen  here?  a I  surrender to a mood, and the expression comes. Or I have a picture before my mind, and I try to describe it. Or an English expression occurs to me, and I try to recollect the corresponding German one. Or I make a gesture, and ask myself: “What words correspond to this gesture?” And so on.  Now  if  it  were  asked,  “Do  you  have  the  thought  before  ﬁnding  the  expression?”,  what  would  one  have  to  reply?  And  what  to  the  question “What did the thought, as it existed before its expression, consist in?”   
336. This  case  is  similar  to  the  one  in  which  someone  imagines  that one could not think a sentence with the curious word order of German or Latin just as it stands. One ﬁrst has to think it, and then one arranges the  words  in  that  strange  order.  (A  French  politician  once  wrote  that it  was  a  peculiarity  of  the  French  language  that  in  it  words  occur  in the order in which one thinks them.) 
337. But didn’t I already intend the whole construction of the sentence (for example) at its beginning? So surely it already existed in my mind before I uttered it out loud! a If it was in my mind, still it would not normally be there in some different word order. But here again, we are forming  a  misleading  picture  of  ‘intending’:  that  is,  of  the  use  of  this word.  An  intention  is  embedded  in  a  setting,  in  human  customs  and institutions. If the technique of the game of chess did not exist, I could not intend to play a game of chess. To the extent that I do intend the construction  of  an  English  sentence  in  advance,  that  is  made  possible by the fact that I can speak English. |109| 
338. After all, one can only say something if one has learned to talk. Therefore,  in  order  to  want to  say  something,  one  must  also  have  mastered  a  language;  and  yet  it  is  clear  that  one  can  want  to  speak  without speaking. Just as one can want to dance without dancing.    And  when  one  thinks  about  this,  the  mind  reaches  for  the  idea of  dancing, speaking, etc. 
339. Thinking is not an incorporeal process which lends life and sense to speaking, and which it would be possible to detach from speaking, rather as the Devil took the shadow of Schlemihl from the ground. —– But in what way “not an incorporeal process”? Am I acquainted with incorporeal processes, then, only thinking is not one of them? No; in my predicament, I helped myself to the expression “an incorporeal process” as I was trying to explain the meaning of the word “thinking” in a primitive way.  One could, however, say “Thinking is an incorporeal process” if one were using this to distinguish the grammar of the word “think” from that  of,  say,  the  word  “eat”.  Only  that  makes  the  difference  between the  meanings  look  too  slight.  (It  is  like  saying:  numerals  are  actual,  and  numbers  are  non-actual  objects.)  An  inappropriate  expression  is  a sure means of remaining stuck in confusion. It, as it were, bars the way out. 
340. One cannot guess how a word functions. One has to look at its application and learn from that.  But the difﬁculty is to remove the prejudice which stands in the way  of doing so. It is not a stupid prejudice. 
341. Speech with and without thought is to be compared to playing a piece of music with and without thought. 
342. William James, in order to show that thought is possible without speech, quotes the reminiscences of a deaf-mute, Mr Ballard, who wrote that  in  his  early  youth,  even  before  he  could  speak,  he  had  had thoughts about God and the world. a What could that mean!? a Ballard writes: “It was during those delightful rides, some two or three years before my initiation into the rudiments of written language, that I began to  ask  myself  the  question:  how  came  the  world  into  being?”  a Are you sure a one would like to ask a that this is the correct translation of your wordless thoughts into words? And why does this question a which otherwise seems not to exist a arise here? Do I want to say that the writer’s memory deceives |110| him? a I don’t even know if I’d say that.  These  recollections  are  a  strange  memory  phenomenon  a and  I don’t know what conclusions one can draw from them about the narrator’s past!   
343. The  words  with  which  I  express  my  memory  are  my  memory  reaction. 
344. Is  it  conceivable  that  people  should  never  speak  an  audible  language,  but  should  nevertheless  talk  to  themselves  inwardly,  in  the imagination?  “If  people  talked  only  inwardly,  to  themselves,  then  they  would merely be doing always what, as it is, they do sometimes.” a So it is quite easy to imagine this; one need only make the easy transition from some  to  all.  (Similarly,  “An  inﬁnitely  long  row  of  trees  is  simply  one that does not come to an end.”) Our criterion for someone’s saying something to himself is what he tells us, as well as the rest of his behaviour; and we say that someone talks to himself only if, in the ordinary sense of  the  words,  he  can  talk.  And  we  do  not  say  it  of  a  parrot;  or  of  a gramophone. 
345. “What sometimes happens might always happen.” a What kind of proposition is that? It is similar to this one: If “F(a)” makes sense, “(x).F(x)” makes sense.  “If  it  is  possible  for  someone  to  make  a  false  move  in  some  game,  then  it  could  be  that  everybody  made  nothing  but  false  moves in  every  game.”  a So  we’re  tempted  to  misunderstand  the  logic  of  our  expressions  here,  to  give  an  incorrect  account  of  the  use  of  our  words.  Orders  are  sometimes  not  obeyed.  But  what  would  it  be  like  if  no orders were ever obeyed? The concept of an order would have lost its purpose. 
346. But  couldn’t  we  imagine  God’s  suddenly  giving  a  parrot  reason, and its now saying things to itself? a But here it is important that, in order to arrive at this idea, I had recourse to the notion of a deity. 
347. “But at least I know from my own case what it means ‘to say things to oneself’. And if I were deprived of the organs of speech, I could still conduct internal monologues.”  If I know it only from my own case, then I know only what  I call  that, not what anyone else does. 
348. “All  these  deaf-mutes  have  learned  only  a  sign-language,  but  each of them talks to himself inwardly in a vocal language.”  a Well, |111| don’t  you  understand  that?  a How  should  I  know  whether  I     understand it?! a What can I do with this information (if that’s what it is)? The whole idea of understanding smells ﬁshy here. I don’t know whether I am to say I understand it, or I don’t understand it. I’m inclined to  answer  “It’s  an  English  sentence;  apparently quite  in  order  a that is,  until  one  wants  to  do  something  with  it;  it  has  a  connection  with other sentences, which makes it difﬁcult for us to say that one doesn’t really  know  what  it  tells  us.  Anyone  who  has  not  become  insensitive by doing philosophy notices that there is something wrong here.” 
349. “But  this  assumption  surely  makes  good  sense!”  a Yes;  in  ordinary  circumstances  these  words  and  this  picture  have  an  application  with which we are familiar. a But if we suppose a case in which this application  does  not  exist,  we  become  aware  for  the  ﬁrst  time  of  the nakedness, as it were, of the words and the picture. 
350. “But if I suppose that someone has a pain, then I am simply supposing that he has just the same as I have so often had.” a That gets us  no  further.  It  is  as  if  I  were  to  say,  “You  surely  know  what  ‘It’s  5 o’clock here’ means; so you also know what ‘It’s 5 o’clock on the sun’ means. It means simply that it is just the same time there as it is here when it is  5 o’clock.” a The explanation by means of  sameness does not work here. For I know well enough that one can call 5 o’clock here and  5 o’clock there “the same time”, but do not know in what cases one is to speak of its being the same time here and there.  In exactly the same way, it is no explanation to say: the supposition that he has a pain is simply the supposition that he has the same as I. For what’s surely clear to me is this part of grammar: that one will say that the stove has the same experience as I if one says: it’s in pain and I’m in pain.   
351. Yet we keep wanting to say: “A sensation of pain is a sensation of  pain  a whether he  has  it,  or  I  have  it,  no  matter  how  I  come  to know whether he has a pain or not.” a I might go along with that. a And  when  you  ask  me,  “Don’t  you  know,  then,  what  I  mean  when  I say that the stove is in pain?”, I can reply: “These words may lead me to imagine all sorts of things; but their usefulness goes no further.” And I can also imagine something in connection with the words: “Just now it was 5 o’clock in the afternoon on the sun” a such as a grandfather clock which shows 5. a But a still better example would be that of the application of “above” and “beneath” to the globe. Here we all have a quite clear idea of what |112| “above” and “beneath” mean. I see well    enough  that  I  am  on  top;  the  earth  is  surely  beneath  me!  (And  don’t smile  at  this  example.  We  are  indeed  all  taught  at  elementary  school that it is stupid to talk like that. But it is much easier to bury a problem than to solve it.) And it is only reﬂection that shows us that in this case “above” and “beneath” cannot be used in the customary way. (That we  might,  for  instance,  say  that  the  people  at  the  antipodes  are ‘beneath’ our part of the earth, but must then also recognize it as right for them to use the same expression about us.) 
352. At  this  point,  our  thinking  plays  us  a  strange  trick.  That  is,  we want to quote the law of excluded middle and say: “Either such an image ﬂoats before his mind, or it does not; there is no third possibility!” a We  encounter  this  curious  argument  also  in  other  regions  of  philosophy.  “In  the  inﬁnite  expansion  of  π either  the  group  ‘7777’  occurs, or it does not a there is no third possibility.” That is to say: God sees a but we don’t know. But what does that mean? a We use a picture: the picture of a visible series, the whole of which one person can survey and another can’t. Here the law of excluded middle says: it must look either like this or like that. So really a and this is surely obvious a it says nothing at all, but gives us a picture. And the problem is now supposed to be: does reality accord with the picture or not? And this  picture seems to determine what we have to do, what to look for, and how a but it does not, precisely because we do not know how it is to be applied. Here, saying “There is no third possibility” or “There really isn’t a third possibility!” expresses our inability to turn our eyes away from this picture a a picture which looks as if it must already contain both the problem and its solution, while all the time we feel that it is not so.  Similarly, when it is said “Either he has this sensation, or he doesn’t”, what primarily occurs to us is a picture which already seems to determine the sense of the statements unequivocally: “Now you know what is in question”, one would like to say. And that’s just what it does not tell you. 
353. Asking  whether  and  how  a  proposition  can  be  veriﬁed  is  only  a special  form  of  the  question  “How  do  you  mean?”  The  answer  is  a contribution to the grammar of the proposition. 
354. The  ﬂuctuation  in  grammar  between  criteria  and  symptoms makes  it  look  as  if  there  were  nothing  at  all  but  symptoms.  We  say,    |113| for example, “Experience teaches that there is rain when the barometer falls, but it also teaches that there is rain when we have certain feelings of wet and cold, or such-and-such visual impressions.” As an argument in support of this, one says that these sense impressions can deceive us. But here one overlooks the fact that their deceiving us precisely about rain rests on a deﬁnition. 
355. The point here is not that our sense impressions can lie to us, but that we understand their language. (And this language, like any other, rests on convention.) 
356. One  is  inclined  to  say:  “Either  it  is  raining,  or  it  isn’t  a how  I know, how the message has reached me, is another matter.” But then let’s put the question like this: What do I call “a message that it is raining”? (Or have I only word of this message too?) And what gives this ‘message’ the character of a message about something? Doesn’t the form of our expression mislead us here? For isn’t it a misleading metaphor to say, “My eyes send me the message that there is a chair over there”? 
357. We do not say that possibly a dog talks to itself. Is that because we are so minutely acquainted with its mind? Well, one might say this: if one sees the behaviour of a living being, one sees its mind. a But do I  also  say  in  my  own  case  that  I  am  talking  to  myself,  because  I  am behaving in such-and-such a way? a I do not say it from observation of my behaviour. But it makes sense only because I do behave in this way. a So isn’t it because I mean it that it makes sense? 
358. But isn’t it our meaning it that gives sense to the sentence? (And here, of course, belongs the fact that one cannot mean a senseless sequence of words.) And meaning something lies within the domain of the mind. But  it  is  also  something  private!  It  is  the intangible Something;  comparable only to consciousness itself.  How could one ﬁnd this ludicrous? After all, it is, as it were, a dream  of our language. 
359. Could  a  machine  think?  —–  Could  it  be  in  pain?  a Well,  is  the human body to be called such a machine? It surely comes as close as possible to being such a machine. 
360. But surely a machine cannot think! a Is that an empirical statement? No. We say only of a human being and what is like one that it    thinks. We also say it of dolls; and perhaps even of ghosts. Regard the word “to think” as an instrument! |114| 
361. The chair is thinking to itself . . .  Where? In one of its parts? Or outside its body; in the air around it? Or not anywhere at all? But then what is the difference between this chair’s talking silently to itself and another one’s doing so, next to it? a But then how is it with man: where does  he talk to himself? How come that this question seems senseless; and that no speciﬁcation of a place is necessary, except just that this man is talking silently to himself? Whereas the question of where the chair talks silently to itself seems to demand an answer. a The reason is: we want to know how the chair is supposed to be like a human being; whether, for instance, its head is at the top of the back, and so on.  What is it like to talk silently to oneself; what goes on there? a How am I to explain it? Well, only in the way in which you can teach someone the meaning of the expression “to talk silently to oneself”. And we do learn  the  meaning  of  that  as  children.  a Only  no  one  is  going  to say that the person who teaches it to us tells us ‘what goes on here’. 
362. Rather, it seems to us as though, in this case, the instructor conveyed the meaning to the pupil a without telling him directly; but in the end, the pupil is brought to the point of giving himself the correct ostensive deﬁnition. And this is where our illusion lies. 
363. “But when I imagine something, something goes on, doesn’t it?” Well,  something  goes  on  a and  then  I  make  a  noise.  What  for? Presumably  in  order  to  communicate  what  went  on.  a But  how,  in  general,  does  one  communicate  something?  When  does  one  say  that  something  is  being  communicated?  a What  is  the  language-game  of  communicating something?  I’d like to say: you regard it much too much as a matter of course that one can communicate anything to anyone. That is to say, we are so much accustomed to communicating in speech, in conversation, that it looks to us as if the whole point of communicating lay in this: that someone else grasps the sense of my words a which is something mental  a that  he,  as  it  were,  takes  it  into  his  own  mind.  If  he  then  does something further with it as well, that is no part of the immediate purpose of language.  One  would  like  to  say  “It  is  through  my  communicating  it  that  he comes to know that I am in pain; it produces this mental phenomenon; everything else is immaterial to the communicating”. As for what this    remarkable phenomenon of knowledge is a that can be taken care of later. Mental processes just are strange. (It is as if one said, “The clock shows us the time. What time is, is not yet settled. And as regards the point of telling the time a that doesn’t come in here.”) |115| 
364. Someone  does  a  calculation  in  his  head.  He  uses  the  result,  let’s say, for building a bridge or a machine. a Do you want to say that it wasn’t  really by  a  calculation  that  he  arrived  at  this  number?  That  it has,  say,  just  dropped  into  his  lap,  after  some  sort  of  reverie?  There surely must have been calculation going on, and there was. For he knows that,  and  how,  he  calculated;  and  the  correct  result  he  got  would  be inexplicable  without  calculation.  —–  But  what  if  I  said:  “It seems  to him just as if he had calculated. And why should the correct result be explicable?  Is  it  not  incomprehensible  enough,  that  without  saying  a word, without making a note, he was able to calculate?” a  Is calculating in the imagination in some sense less real than calculating on paper? It is real a calculating-in-the-head. a Is it similar to calculating on paper? a I don’t know whether to call it similar. Is a bit of white paper with black lines on it similar to a human body?   
365. Do Adelheid and the Bishop play a real game of chess? a Of course. They are not merely pretending to do so a which would also be possible as part of a play. a But the game, for example, has no beginning! a Of course it has; otherwise it would not be a game of chess. a 
366. Is  calculating  in  the  head  less  real  than  calculating  on  paper?  a One is, perhaps, inclined to say some such thing; but one can get oneself to think the opposite as well by telling oneself: paper, ink, and so on are only logical constructions out of our sense-data.  “I have done the multiplication . . . in my head” a don’t I believe such a statement? a But was it really a multiplication? It was not merely ‘a’ multiplication, but this one a in the head. This is the point at which I go  wrong.  For  I  now  want  to  say:  it  was  some  mental  process  corresponding to the multiplication on paper. So it would make sense to say: “This process in the mind corresponds to this process on paper.” And then it would make sense to talk of a method of projection according to which the mental image of the sign was a representation of the sign itself. 
367. A  mental  image  is  the  image  which  is  described  when  someone describes what he imagines.   
368. I describe a room to someone, and then get him to paint an impressionistic picture from this description to show that he has understood it.  a Now  he  paints  the  chairs  which  I  described  as  green,  dark  red; where  I  said  “yellow”,  he  paints  blue.  a That  is  the  impression  |116| which he got of that room. And now I say: “Quite right! That’s what it looks like.” 
369. One is inclined to ask: “What is it like a what goes on a when one calculates in one’s head?” a And in a particular case, the answer may be “First I add 17 and 18, then I subtract 39 . . .” But that is not the answer to our question. What is called calculating in one’s head is not explained in this way.   
370. One ought to ask, not what images are or what goes on when one imagines something, but how the word “imagination” is used. But that does not mean that I want to talk only about words. For the question of  what  imagination  essentially  is,  is  as  much  about  the  word  “imagination”  as  my  question.  And  I  am  only  saying  that  this  question  is not  to  be  clariﬁed  a neither  for  the  person  who  does  the  imagining, nor  for  anyone  else  a by  pointing;  nor  yet  by  a  description  of  some process. The ﬁrst question also asks for the clariﬁcation of a word; but it makes us expect a wrong kind of answer.   
371. Essence is expressed in grammar. 
372. Consider: “The only correlate in language to an objective necessity is an arbitrary rule. It is the only thing which one can milk out of this objective necessity into a proposition.”   
373. Grammar  tells  what  kind  of  object  anything  is.  (Theology  as grammar.) 
374. The  great  difﬁculty  here  is  not  to  present  the  matter  as  if  there were something one couldn’t do. As if there really were an object, from which  I  extract  a  description,  which  I  am  not  in  a  position  to  show anyone.  —–  And  the  best  that  I  can  propose  is  that  we  yield  to  the temptation  to  use  this  picture,  but  then  investigate  what  the  application of the picture looks like. 
375. How  does  one  teach  someone  to  read  silently  to  himself?  How does  one  know  when  he  can  do  so?  How  does  he  himself  know  that he is doing what is required of him?   
376. When  I  say  the  ABC  silently  to  myself,  what  is  the  criterion  that  shows  that  I  am  doing  the  same  as  someone  else  who  silently  repeats it to himself? It might be found that the same thing goes on in my larynx and in his. (And similarly when we both think of the same thing, wish the same, and so on.) But then did we learn the use of the words “to |117| say such-and-such to oneself” by someone’s pointing to a  process  in  the  larynx  or  the  brain?  Is  it  not  also  perfectly  possible that my auditory image of the sound a and his correspond to different physiological  processes?  The  question  is:  How  does  one  compare images? 
377. A logician will perhaps think: The same is the same a how a person  satisﬁes  himself  of  sameness  is  a  psychological  question.  (High  is high a it is a matter of psychology that one sometimes sees, and sometimes hears it.)  What is the criterion for the sameness of two images? a What is the criterion for the redness of an image? For me, when it’s someone else’s image: what he says and does. a For myself, when it’s my image: nothing. And what goes for “red” also goes for “same”. 
378. “Before I judge that two images which I have are the same, surely I must recognize them as the same.” And when that has happened, how am I to know that the word “same” describes what I recognize? Only if I can express my recognition in some other way, and if it is possible for someone else to teach me that “same” is the correct word here.  For if I need a warrant for using a word, it must also be a warrant  for someone else. 
379. First I recognize it as this; and then I remember what it is called. a Consider: in what cases can one rightly say this? 
380. How do I recognize that this is red? a “I see that it is this; and then  I  know  that  that  is  what  this  is  called.”  This?  a What?!  What kind of answer to this question makes sense?  (You keep on steering towards an inner ostensive explanation.) I could not apply any rules to a private transition from what is seen to words. Here the rules really would hang in the air; for the institution of their application is lacking. 
381. How do I recognize that this colour is red? a One answer would be: “I have learnt English.”   
382. How can I justify forming this image in response to this word?  Has anyone shown me the image of the colour blue and told me that  it is the image of blue?  What is the meaning of the words “this image”? How does one point  at an image? How does one point twice at the same image? |118| 
383. We  do  not  analyse  a  phenomenon  (for  example,  thinking)  but  a concept (for example, that of thinking), and hence the application of a word.  So  it  may  look  as  if  what  we  were  doing  were  nominalism. Nominalists make the mistake of interpreting all words as names, and so of not really describing their use, but only, so to speak, giving a paper draft on such a description. 
384. You learned the concept ‘pain’ in learning language. 
385. Ask yourself: Is it conceivable that someone learn to calculate in his head without ever calculating aloud or on paper? a “Learning it” presumably means: being brought to the point of being able to do it. Only the question arises, what will count as a criterion for being able to do it? —– But is it also possible for some tribe to be acquainted only with calculation in the head, and with no other kind? Here one has to ask  oneself:  “What  will  that  look  like?”  a And  so  one  will  have  to depict  it  as  a  limiting  case.  And  the  question  will  then  arise  whether we still want to apply the concept of calculating in the head here a or whether in such circumstances it has lost its purpose, because the phenomena now gravitate towards another paradigm. 
386. “But why have you so little conﬁdence in yourself? Ordinarily you know perfectly well what is called ‘calculating’. So if you say that you have  calculated  in  the  imagination,  then  you  will  have  done  so.  If  you had not calculated, you would not have said you had. Equally, if you say that you see something red in the imagination, then it will be red. You know what ‘red’ is elsewhere. a And further: you don’t always rely on agreement with other people; for you often report that you have seen something no one else has.” —– But I do have conﬁdence in myself a I say without hesitation that I have done this calculation in my head, have imagined this colour. The difﬁculty is not that I doubt whether I really imagined anything red. But it is this: that we should be able, just like  that,  to  point  out  or  describe  the  colour  we  have  imagined,  that mapping the image into reality presents no difﬁculty at all. Do they then    look so alike that one might mix them up? a But I can also recognize a man from a drawing straight off. a Well, but can I ask: “What does an actual mental image of this colour look like?” or “What sort of thing is it?”; can I learn this?  (I cannot accept his testimony, because it is not testimony. It tells me  only what he is inclined to say.) 
387. The deep aspect readily eludes us. |119| 
388. “I don’t see anything violet here, but I can show it you if you give me a paint box.” How can one know that one can show it if . . . , in other words, that one can recognize it if one sees it?  How do I know from my mental image, what the colour really looks  like?  How do I know that I’ll be able to do something? That is, that the  state I am in now is that of being able to do that thing? 
389. “A  mental  image  must  be  more  like  its  object  than  any  picture. For however similar I make the picture to what it is supposed to represent, it may still be the picture of something else. But it is an intrinsic feature of a mental image that it is the image of this and of nothing else.” That is how one might come to regard a mental image as a superlikeness. 
390. Could one imagine a stone’s having consciousness? And if someone can a why should that not prove merely that such image-mongery is of no interest to us? 
391. I can perhaps even imagine (though it is not easy) that each of the people whom I see in the street is in frightful pain, but is adroitly concealing  it.  And  it  is  important  that  I  have  to  imagine  adroit  concealment  here.  That  I  do  not  simply  say  to  myself:  “Well,  his  mind  is  in pain:  but  what  has  that  to  do  with  his  body?”  or  “After  all,  it  need not show in his body”. a And if I imagine this a what do I do? What do  I  say  to  myself?  How  do  I  look  at  the  people?  Perhaps  I  look  at  one  and  think,  “It  must  be  difﬁcult  to  laugh  when  one  is  in  such pain”, and much else of the same kind. I, as it were, play a part, act as if the others were in pain. When I do this, one might say that I am imagining . . .   
392. “When I imagine he’s in pain, all that really goes on in me is . . .” Then someone else says: “I believe I can also imagine it without thinking . . .” (“I believe I can think without words.”) That comes to nothing. The analysis oscillates between natural science and grammar. 
393. “When I imagine that someone who is laughing is really in pain, I don’t imagine any pain-behaviour, for I see just the opposite. So what do  I  imagine?”  a I  have  already  said  what.  And  for  that,  I  do  not  necessarily have to imagine that I feel pain. —– “But then what is the process of imagining it?” —– Well, where (outside philosophy) do we use  the |120| words  “I  can  imagine  that  he  is  in  pain”,  or  “I  imagine that . . .”, or “Imagine that . . .”?  One says, for example, to someone who has to play a part on-stage: “Here you must imagine that this man is in pain and is concealing this” a and now we give him no directions, don’t tell him what he is actually to do. For this reason too, the suggested analysis is not to the point. a We now watch the actor, who is imagining this situation. 
394. In what sort of circumstances would we ask someone: “What actually went on in you as you imagined this?” a And what sort of answer do we expect? 
395. There  is  a  lack  of  clarity  about  the  role  of  imaginability in  our investigation. Namely, about the extent to which it ensures that a sentence makes sense. 
396. It is no more essential to the understanding of a sentence that one should imagine something in connection with it than that one should make a sketch from it. 
397. Instead  of  “imaginability”,  one  can  also  say  here:  representability in a particular medium of representation. And such a representation may indeed safely point a way to a further use of a sentence. On the other hand, a picture may obtrude itself upon us and be of no use at all. 
398. “But when I imagine something, or even actually see objects, surely I  have  got something  which  my  neighbour  has  not.”  a I  understand you.  You  want  to  look  about  you  and  say:  “At  any  rate  only  I have got this.” a What are these words for? They serve no purpose. a Indeed, can’t one add: “There is here no question of a ‘seeing’ a and therefore    none  of  a  ‘having’  a nor  of  a  subject,  nor  therefore  of  the  I  either”? Couldn’t I ask: In what sense have you got what you are talking about and saying that only you have got it? Do you possess it? You do not even see it. Don’t you really have to say that no one has got it? And indeed,  it’s  clear:  if  you  logically  exclude  other  people’s  having  something, it loses its sense to say that you have it.  But what are you then talking about? It’s true I said that I knew deep down what you meant. But that meant that I knew how one thinks to conceive  this  object,  to  see  it,  to  gesture  at  it,  as  it  were,  by  looking and pointing. I know how one stares ahead and looks about |121| one in this case a and the rest. I think one can say: you are talking (if, for example,  you  are  sitting  in  a  room)  of  the  ‘visual  room’.  That  which has no owner is the ‘visual room’. I can as little own it as I can walk about it, or look at it, or point at it. In so far as it cannot belong to anyone else, it doesn’t belong to me either. Or again, in so far as I want to apply the same form of expression to it as to the material room in which  I  sit,  it  doesn’t  belong  to  me.  Its  description  need  not  mention an owner. Indeed, it need not have an owner. But then the visual room cannot have an owner. “For” a one might say a “it has no master outside it, and none inside it either.”  Think of a picture of a landscape, an imaginary landscape with a house in  it.  a Someone  asks  “Whose  house  is  that?”  a The  answer,  by  the way, might be “It belongs to the farmer who is sitting on the bench in front of it”. But then he cannot, for example, step into his house. 
399. One  could  also  say:  surely  the  owner  of  the  visual  room  has  to  be  of  the  same  nature  as  it;  but  he  isn’t  inside  it,  and  there  is  no  outside.   
400. The  visual  room  seemed  like  a  discovery,  as  it  were;  but  what  its discoverer really found was a new way of speaking, a new comparison, and, one could even say, a new experience. 
401. You  interpret  the  new  conception  as  the  seeing  of  a  new  object. You interpret a grammatical movement that you have made as a quasiphysical phenomenon which you are observing. (Remember, for example,  the  question  “Are  sense-data  the  stuff  of  which  the  universe  is made?”)  But  my  expression  “You  have  made  a  ‘grammatical’  movement”  is not unobjectionable. Above all, you have found a new conception. As if you had invented a new way of painting; or, again, a new metre, or a new kind of song. a     
402. “It’s  true  that  I  say  ‘I  now  have  such-and-such  a  visual  image’, but the words ‘I have’ are merely a sign for others; the visual world is described  completely by  the  description  of  the  visual  image.”  a You mean: the words “I have” are like “Attention please!” You’re inclined to say that it should really have been expressed differently. Perhaps simply by making a sign with one’s hand and then giving a description. a When, as in this case, one disapproves of the expressions of ordinary language (which, after all, do their duty), we have got a picture in our heads which conﬂicts with the picture of our ordinary |122| way of speaking. At the same time, we’re tempted to say that our way of speaking does  not  describe  the  facts  as  they  really  are.  As  if,  for  example,  the proposition “he has pains” could be false in some other way than by that man’s not having pains. As if the form of expression were saying something false, even when the proposition faute de mieux asserted something true.  For this is what disputes between idealists, solipsists and realists look like.  The  one  party  attacks  the  normal  form  of  expression  as  if  they were attacking an assertion; the others defend it, as if they were stating facts recognized by every reasonable human being. 
403. If I were to reserve the word “pain” solely for what I had previously called “my pain”, and others “L.W.’s pain”, I’d do other people no injustice, so long as a notation were provided in which the loss of the  word  “pain”  in  other  contexts  were  somehow  made  good.  Other people  would  still  be  pitied,  treated  by  doctors,  and  so  on.  It  would, of course, be no objection to this way of talking to say “But look here, other people have just the same as you!”  But  what  would  I  gain  from  this  new  mode  of  representation? Nothing. But then the solipsist does not want any practical advantage when he advances his view either! 
404. “When  I  say  ‘I  am  in  pain’,  I  don’t  point  to  a  person  who  is  in pain,  since  in  a  certain  sense  I  don’t  know who  is.”  And  this  can  be given a justiﬁcation. For the main point is: I didn’t say that such-andsuch a person was in pain, but “I am . . .”. Now, in saying this, I don’t name any person. Just as I don’t name anyone when I groan with pain. Though someone else sees who is in pain from the groaning.  What does it mean to know who is in pain? It means, for example, to know which man in this room is in pain: for instance, that it’s the one who is sitting over there, or the one who is standing in that corner, the  tall  one  over  there  with  the  fair  hair,  and  so  on.  a What  am  I     getting  at?  At  the  fact  that  there  is  a  great  variety  of  criteria  for  the ‘identity’ of a person.  Now, which of them leads me to say that I am in pain? None. 
405. “But  at  any  rate  when  you  say  ‘I’m  in  pain’,  you  want  to  draw the attention of others to a particular person.” a The answer could be: No, I just want to draw their attention to myself. a |123| 
406. “But surely what you want to do with the words ‘I am . . .’ is to distinguish between yourself and other people.” a Can this be said in every case? Even when I merely groan? And even when I ‘want to distinguish’ between myself and other people a do I want to distinguish between the person L.W. and the person N.N.? 
407. It would be possible to imagine someone groaning out: “Someone is in pain a I don’t know who!” a whereupon people would hurry to help him, the one who groaned. 
408. “But you aren’t in doubt whether it is you or someone else who is  in  pain!”  a The  proposition  “I  don’t  know  whether  I  or  someone else is in pain” would be a logical product, and one of its factors would be:  “I  don’t  know  whether  I  am  in  pain  or  not”  a and  that  is  not  a signiﬁcant sentence. 
409. Imagine  several  people  standing  in  a  circle,  myself  among  them. One of us, sometimes this one, sometimes that, is connected to the poles of  an  electrostatic  generator  without  our  being  able  to  see  this.  I  observe  the  faces  of  the  others  and  try  to  see  which  of  us  has  just been given an electric shock. a At one point I say: “Now I know who it  is  a it’s  me.”  In  this  sense  I  could  also  say:  “Now  I  know  who  is  feeling  the  shocks  a it’s  me.”  This  would  be  a  rather  odd  way  of speaking. a But if I suppose that I can feel an electric shock even when someone  else  is  being  given  one,  then  the  form  of  expression  “Now  I  know  who . . .”  becomes  quite  inappropriate.  It  does  not  belong  to this game. 
410. “I” doesn’t name a person, nor “here” a place, and “this” is not a name. But they are connected with names. Names are explained by means of them. It is also true that it is characteristic of physics not to use these words.   
411. Consider  how  the  following  questions  can  be  applied,  and  how decided:  (1) “Are these books my books?” (2) “Is this foot my foot?” (3) “Is this body my body?” (4) “Is this sensation my sensation?”  Each of these questions has practical (non-philosophical) applications. For  (2):  Think  of  cases  in  which  my  foot  is  anaesthetized  or  paralysed. Under certain circumstances, the question could be settled by ﬁnding out whether I can feel pain in this foot. |124|  For (3): Here one might be pointing to a reﬂection in a mirror. But in certain circumstances, one might touch a body and ask the question. In others, it means the same as “Does my body look like that?”  For  (4):  But  which  sensation  is  this one?  That  is,  how  is  one  using the demonstrative pronoun here? Certainly otherwise than in, say, the ﬁrst example. Here, again, one goes astray, because one imagines that by directing one’s attention to a sensation, one is pointing at it. 
412. The feeling of an unbridgeable gulf between consciousness and brain process: how come that this plays no role in reﬂections of ordinary life? This idea of a difference in kind is accompanied by slight giddiness a which  occurs  when  we  are  doing  logical  tricks.  (The  same  giddiness attacks us when dealing with certain theorems in set theory.) When does this  feeling  occur  in  the  present  case?  It  is  when  I,  for  example,  turn my attention in a particular way on to my own consciousness and, astonished, say to myself: “this is supposed to be produced by a process in the brain!” a as it were clutching my forehead. a But what can it mean to speak of “turning my attention on to my own consciousness”? There is surely nothing more extraordinary than that there should be any such thing! What I described with these words (which are not used in this way in ordinary life) was an act of gazing. I gazed ﬁxedly in front of me a but not at any particular point or object. My eyes were wide open, brows not contracted (as they mostly are when I am interested in a particular  object).  No  such  interest  preceded  this  gazing.  My  glance  was vacant; or again, like that of someone admiring the illumination of the sky and drinking in the light.    Note that the sentence which I uttered as a paradox (“this is produced by a brain process!”) has nothing paradoxical about it. I could have said it in the course of an experiment whose purpose was to show that an effect of light which I see is produced by stimulation of a particular part of the brain. a But I did not utter the sentence in the surroundings in which it would have had an everyday and unparadoxical sense. And my attention was not such as would have been in keeping with that experiment. (If it had been, my gaze would have been intent, not vacant.) 
413. Here we have a case of introspection, not unlike that which gave William James the idea that the ‘self’ consisted mainly of ‘peculiar motions in the head and between the head and throat’. |125| And James’s introspection showed, not the meaning of the word “self” (so far as it means something like “person”, “human being”, “he himself”, “I myself”), or any analysis of such a being, but the state of a philosopher’s attention when he says the word “self” to himself and tries to analyse its meaning. (And much could be learned from this.) 
414. You think that after all you must be weaving a piece of cloth: because you are sitting at a loom a even if it is empty a and going through the motions of weaving. 
415. What we are supplying are really remarks on the natural history of  human  beings;  not  curiosities,  however,  but  facts  that  no  one  has doubted,  which  have  escaped  notice  only  because  they  are  always before our eyes. 
416. “Human beings agree in saying that they see, hear, feel, and so on (even though some are blind and some are deaf). So they are their own witnesses that they have consciousness.” a But how strange this is! Whom do I really inform if I say “I have consciousness”? What is the purpose of saying this to myself, and how can another person understand me? a Now, sentences like “I see”, “I hear”, “I am conscious” really have their  uses.  I  tell  a  doctor  “Now  I  can  hear  with  this  ear  again”,  or  I tell someone who believes I am in a faint “I am conscious again”, and so on. 
417. Do I observe myself, then, and perceive that I am seeing or conscious? And why talk about observation at all? Why not simply say “I perceive I am conscious”? a But what are the words “I perceive” for    here a why not say “I am conscious”? But don’t the words “I perceive” here show that I am attending to my consciousness? a which is ordinarily  not  the  case.  a If  so,  then  the  sentence  “I  perceive  I  am  conscious” does not say that I am conscious, but that my attention is focused in such-and-such a way.  But  isn’t  it  a  particular  experience  that  occasions  my  saying  “I  am conscious again”? a What experience? In what situations do we say it? 
418. Is my having consciousness a fact of experience? –  But doesn’t one say that human beings have consciousness, and that trees or stones do not? a What would it be like if it were otherwise? a Would human beings all be unconscious? a No; not in the ordinary sense  of  the  word.  But  I,  for  instance,  would  not  have  consciousness —– as I now in fact have it. |126| 
419. In  what  circumstances  shall  I  say  that  a  tribe  has  a  chief ?  And  the chief must surely have consciousness. Surely he mustn’t be without consciousness! 
420. But can’t I imagine that people around me are automata, lack consciousness, even though they behave in the same way as usual? a If I imagine  it  now  a alone  in  my  room  a I  see  people  with  ﬁxed  looks (as in a trance) going about their business a the idea is perhaps a little uncanny.  But  just  try  to  hang  on  to  this  idea  in  the  midst  of  your  ordinary  intercourse  with  others  a in  the  street,  say!  Say  to  yourself, for example: “The children over there are mere automata; all their liveliness  is  mere  automatism.”  And  you  will  either  ﬁnd  these  words becoming  quite  empty;  or  you  will  produce  in  yourself  some  kind  of uncanny feeling, or something of the sort.  Seeing a living human being as an automaton is analogous to seeing one ﬁgure as a limiting case or variant of another; the cross-pieces of a window as a swastika, for example. 
421. It seems paradoxical to us that in a single report we should make such  a  medley,  mixing  physical  states  and  states  of  consciousness  up together:  “He  suffered  great  torments  and  tossed  about  restlessly.”  It is quite usual; so why does it seem paradoxical to us? Because we want to say that the sentence is about both tangibles and intangibles. a But does it worry you if I say: “These three struts give the building stability?”  Are  three  and  stability  tangible?  —–  Regard  the  sentence  as  an instrument, and its sense as its employment.   
422. What  do  I  believe  in  when  I  believe  that  man  has  a  soul?  What do I believe in when I believe that this substance contains two carbon rings? In both cases, there is a picture in the foreground, but the sense lies far in the background; that is, the application of the picture is not easy to survey. 
423. Certainly all these things happen in you. a And now just let me understand the expression we use. a The picture is there. And I am not disputing its validity in particular cases. a Only let me now understand its application. 
424. The picture is there; and I do not dispute its correctness. But what is its application? Think of the picture of blindness as a darkness in the mind or in the head of a blind person. 
425. While  in  innumerable  cases  we  exert  ourselves  to  ﬁnd  a  picture, and  once  it  is  found,  the  application,  as  it  were,  comes  about  automatically, |127| here we already have a picture which obtrudes itself on us at every turn a but does not help us out of the difﬁculty, which begins only now.  If I ask, for example, “How am I to imagine this mechanism ﬁtting into this casing?” a perhaps a drawing reduced in scale may serve to answer me. Then I can be told: “You see, it ﬁts like this.” Or perhaps even:  “Why  are  you  surprised?  See  how  it  works  here;  well,  it  is  the same there.” a Of course, the latter no longer explains anything: it merely invites me to apply the picture I was given. 
426. A picture is conjured up which seems to ﬁx the sense unambiguously.  The  actual  use,  compared  with  that  traced  out  by  the  picture, seems like something muddied. Here again, what is going on is the same as in set theory: the form of expression seems to have been tailored for a god, who knows what we cannot know; he sees all of those inﬁnite series, and he sees into the consciousness of human beings. For us, however, these forms of expression are like vestments, which we may put on,  but  cannot  do  much  with,  since  we  lack  the  effective  power  that would give them point and purpose.  In the actual use of these expressions we, as it were, make detours, go by side roads. We see the straight highway before us, but of course cannot use it, because it is permanently closed.   
427. “While  I  was  speaking  to  him,  I  did  not  know  what  was  going on in his head.” In saying this, one is not thinking of brain processes, but  of  thought  processes.  This  picture  should  be  taken  seriously.  We really would like to see into his head. And yet we only mean what we ordinarily mean by saying that we would like to know what he is thinking.  I  want  to  say:  we  have  this  vivid  picture  a and  that  use,  apparently contradicting the picture, which expresses something mental. 
428. “A thought a what a strange thing!” a but it does not strike us as strange when we are thinking. A thought does not strike us as mysterious while we are thinking, but only when we say, as it were retrospectively,  “How  was  that  possible?”  How  was  it  possible  for  a thought to deal with this very object? It seems to us as if we had captured reality with the thought. 
429. The agreement, the harmony, between thought and reality consists in this: that if I say falsely that something is red, then all the same, it is red that it isn’t. |128| And in this: that if I want to explain the word “red” to someone, in the sentence “That is not red”, I do so by pointing to something that is red. 
430. “Put a ruler against this object; it does not say that the object is so-and-so  long.  Rather,  it  is  in  itself  a I  am  tempted  to  say  a dead, and achieves nothing of what a thought can achieve.” a It is as if we had imagined that the essential thing about a living human being was the outward form. Then we made a lump of wood into that form and were  abashed  to  see  the  lifeless  block,  lacking  any  similarity  to  a  living creature. 
431. “There is a gap between an order and its execution. It has to be closed by the process of understanding.”  “Only  in  the  process  of  understanding  does  the  order  mean  that  we are to do this. The order —– why, that is nothing but sounds, inkmarks. a” 
432. Every sign by itself seems dead. What gives it life? a In use it lives. Is it there that it has living breath within it? a Or is the use its breath? 
433. When we give an order, it may look as if the ultimate thing sought by the order had to remain unexpressed, as there is still a gap between an order and its execution. Say I want someone to make a particular movement: for example, to raise his arm. To make my order quite clear,    I demonstrate the movement to him. This picture seems unambiguous until the question is raised: how does he know that he is to make that movement? a How does he know at all what he is to do with the signs I give him, whatever they are? a Perhaps I shall now try to supplement the order with further signs, by pointing from myself to him, by making  encouraging  gestures,  and  so  forth.  Here  it  looks  as  if  the  order were beginning to stammer.  As if the sign were precariously trying to induce understanding in us.  a But if we now understand it, in what signs do we do so? 
434. The gesture a one would like to say a tries to preﬁgure, but can’t do so. 
435. If it is asked, “How does a sentence manage to represent?” a the answer might be: “Don’t you know? Surely you see it, when you use one.” After all, nothing is concealed.  How does a sentence do it? a Don’t you know? After all, nothing is  hidden.  But when given the answer “But you know how a sentence does it, after all, nothing is concealed”, one would like to retort, “Yes, but it all goes by so quickly, and I should like to see it, as it were, more fully laid out.” |129| 
436. Here it is easy to get into that dead end in philosophizing where one believes that the difﬁculty of the problem consists in our having to describe phenomena that evade our grasp, the present experience that slips quickly by, or something akin a where we ﬁnd ordinary language too crude, and it looks as if we were dealing not with the phenomena of everyday conversation, but with ones that “are evanescent, and, in their coming to be and passing away, tend to produce those others”. (Augustine:  Manifestissima  et  usitatissima  sunt,  et  eadem  rursus  nimis latent, et nova est inventio eorum.) 
437. A  wish  seems  already  to  know  what  will  or  would  satisfy  it;  a proposition, a thought, to know what makes it true a even when there is nothing there! Whence this determining of what is not yet there? This despotic demand? (“The hardness of the logical must”.) 
438. “A plan, as such, is something unsatisﬁed.” (Like a wish, an expectation, a conjecture, and so on.)          Here I mean: expectation is unsatisﬁed, because it is an expectation of  something;  a  belief,  an  opinion,  is  unsatisﬁed,  because  it  is  an  opinion that something is the case, something real, something outside the process of believing. 
439. In  what  sense  can  one  call  wishes,  expectations,  beliefs,  etc. “unsatisﬁed”?  What  is  our  prototype  of  non-satisfaction?  Is  it  a  hollow space? And would one call that “unsatisﬁed”? Wouldn’t this be a metaphor  too?  a Isn’t  what  we  call  non-satisfaction a say,  hunger  a a feeling?  In  a  particular  system  of  expressions  we  can  describe  an  object  by means of the words “satisﬁed” and “unsatisﬁed”. For example, if we stipulate that a hollow cylinder is to be called “an unsatisﬁed cylinder”, and the solid cylinder that ﬁlls it “its satisfaction”. 
440. Saying “I’d like an apple” does not mean: I believe an apple will quell my feeling of non-satisfaction. This utterance is an expression not of a wish but of non-satisfaction. 
441. By nature and by a particular training, a particular education, we are predisposed to express wishes in certain circumstances. (A wish is, of course, not such a ‘circumstance’.) In this game, the question as to whether  I  know  what  I  wish  before  my  wish  is  |130| fulﬁlled  cannot arise  at  all.  And  the  fact  that  some  event  stops  my  wishing  does  not mean that it fulﬁls it. Perhaps I wouldn’t have been satisﬁed if my wish had been satisﬁed.  On the other hand, the word “wish” is also used in this way: “I don’t know myself what I wish for.” (“For wishes themselves are a veil between us and the thing wished for.”)  Suppose  someone  asked,  “Do  I  know  what  I  long  for  before  I  get      it?” If I have learned to talk, then I do. 
442. I see someone aiming a gun and say “I expect a bang”. The shot is ﬁred. a What! a was that what you expected? So did that bang somehow already exist in your expectation? Or is it just that your expectation agrees in some other respect with what occurred; that that noise was  not  contained  in  your  expectation,  and  merely  supervened  as  an accidental property when the expectation was being fulﬁlled? a But no, if  the  noise  had  not  occurred,  my  expectation  would  not  have  been    fulﬁlled;  the  noise  fulﬁlled  it;  it  was  not  an  accompaniment  of  the fulﬁlment  like  a  second  guest  accompanying  the  one  I  expected.  Was the feature of the event that was not also in the expectation something accidental,  an  extra  provided  by  fate?  a But  then,  what  was  not an extra? Did something of the shot already occur in my expectation? a Then what was extra? for wasn’t I expecting the whole shot.  “The bang was not as loud as I had expected.” a “Then was there  a louder bang in your expectation?” 
443. “The red which you imagine is surely not the same (not the same thing)  as  the  red  which  you  see  in  front  of  you;  so  how  can  you  say that  it  is  what  you  imagined?”  a But  haven’t  we  an  analogous  case with  the  sentences  “Here  is  a  red  patch”  and  “Here  there  isn’t  a  red patch”. The word “red” occurs in both; so this word can’t indicate the presence of something red. 
444. One may have the feeling that in the sentence “I expect he is coming”  one  is  using  the  words  “he  is  coming”  in  a  different  sense  from the one they have in the assertion “He is coming”. But if that were so, how could I say that my expectation had been fulﬁlled? If I wanted to explain  the  words  “he”  and  “is  coming”,  say  by  means  of  ostensive explanations, the same explanations of these words would go for both sentences.  But now one might ask: what does his coming look like? a The door opens, someone walks in, and so on. a What does my expecting him |131| to come look like? a I walk up and down the room, look at the clock now and then, and so on. a But the one sequence of events has not the slightest similarity to the other! So how can one use the same words in describing them? a But then perhaps I say, as I walk up and down: “I expect he’ll come in.” a Now there is a similarity here. But of what kind?! 
445. It is in language that an expectation and its fulﬁlment make contact. 
446. It  would  be  odd  to  say:  “A  process  looks  different  when  it  happens  from  when  it  doesn’t  happen.”  Or:  “A  red  patch  looks  different when it is there from when it isn’t there a but language abstracts from  this  difference,  for  it  speaks  of  a  red  patch  whether  it  is  there  or not.” 
447. The  feeling  is  as  if  the  negation  of  a  proposition  had  ﬁrst,  in  a certain sense, to make it true, in order to be able to negate it.    (The  assertion  of  the  negating  proposition  contains  the  proposition  which is negated, but not the assertion of it.) 
448. “If  I  say  I  did  not dream  last  night,  still  I  must  know  where  to look  for  a  dream;  that  is,  ‘I  dreamt’,  applied  to  this  actual  situation, may be false, but mustn’t be nonsense.” a Does that mean, then, that you did, after all, feel something, as it were the hint of a dream, which made you aware of the place which a dream would have occupied?  Again,  if  I  say  “I  have  no  pain  in  my  arm”,  does  that  mean  that  I have a shadow of a sensation of pain, which, as it were, indicates the place where a pain could have been?  In what sense does my present painless state contain the possibility  of pain?  If someone says, “For the word ‘pain’ to have a meaning, it is necessary  that  pain  should  be  recognized  as  such  when  it  occurs”  a one  can reply: “It is not more necessary than that the absence of pain should be recognized.” 
449. “But mustn’t I know what it would be like if I were in pain?” a One can’t shake oneself free of the idea that using a sentence consists in imagining something for every word.  One fails to bear in mind the fact that one calculates, operates, with words,  and  in  due  course  transforms  them  into  this  or  that  picture.  a It  is  as  if  one  believed  that  a  written  order  for  a  |132| cow,  which someone  is  to  hand  over  to  me,  always  had  to  be  accompanied  by  a mental image of a cow if the order was not to lose its sense. 
450. Knowing what someone looks like: being able to imagine it a but also: being able to mimic it. Need one imagine it in order to mimic it? And isn’t mimicking it just as good as imagining it? 
451. What  if  I  give  someone  the  order  “Imagine  a  red  circle  here”  a and now I say: understanding the order means knowing what it is like for it to have been carried out a or even: being able to imagine what it is like . . . ? 
452. I want to say: “If someone could see an expectation, the mental process,  then  he’d  surely  see  what was  being  expected.”  a But  that’s just  how  it  is:  anyone  who  sees  the  expression  of  an  expectation  will see what is being expected. And in what other way, in what other sense, could one see it?   
453. Anyone  who  perceived  my  expecting  should  perceive  directly what was expected a that is, not infer it from the process he perceived! a But  to  say  that  someone  perceives  an  expectation  makes  no  sense. Unless  it  means  something  like:  he  perceives  the  manifestations  of expectation. To say of an expectant person that he perceives his expectation, instead of saying “he expects” would be an idiotic distortion of the words.   
454. “Everything is already there in . . .” How does it come about that this arrow  points? Doesn’t it seem to carry within it something extraneous to itself? a “No, not the dead line on paper; only a mental thing, the meaning, can do that.” a That is both true and false. The arrow points only in the application that a living creature makes of it. This  pointing  is  not a  hocus-pocus  that  can  be  performed  only  by  the mind. 
455. We  are  inclined  to  say:  “When  we  mean  something,  there  is  no dead picture here (no matter of what kind), but, rather, it’s like going towards someone.” We go towards the thing we mean. 
456. “When  one  means  something,  it  is  oneself  that  means”;  so  one sets oneself in motion. One rushes ahead, and so cannot also observe one’s rushing ahead. Indeed not. |133| 
457. Yes, meaning something is like going towards someone.   
458. “An  order  orders  its  own  execution.”  So  it  knows  its  execution before it is even there? a But that was a grammatical proposition, and it says: if an order runs “Do such-and-such”, then doing such-and-such is called “executing the order”. 
459. We say “The order orders this a”, and do it; but also: “The order orders this: I am to . . .” We translate it at one time into a sentence, at another into a demonstration, and at another into action. 
460. Could a justiﬁcation of an action as the execution of an order run like this: “You said ‘Bring me a yellow ﬂower’, whereupon this ﬂower gave me a feeling of satisfaction; that’s why I’ve brought it”? Wouldn’t one have to reply: “But I didn’t tell you to bring me a ﬂower that would give you that sort of feeling in response to my words!”?   
461. In  what  sense  does  an  order  anticipate  its  fulﬁlment?  a By  now ordering just that which later on is carried out? a But this would surely have to run: “which later on is carried out, or again is not carried out”. And that says nothing.  “But even if my wish does not determine what is going to be the case, still it does, so to speak, determine the theme of a fact, no matter whether such a fact fulﬁls the wish or not.” We are, as it were, surprised, not at someone’s knowing the future, but at his being able to prophesy at all (right or wrong).  As  if  the  mere  prophecy,  no  matter  whether  true  or  false,  foreshadowed the future; whereas it knows nothing of the future and cannot know less than nothing. 
462. I can look for him when he is not there, but not hang him when he is not there.  One might want to say: “But he must be around, if I am looking for him.” a Then he must also be around if I don’t ﬁnd him, and even if he doesn’t exist at all. 
463. “You  were  looking  for  him?  You  couldn’t  even  have  known  if  he  was  there!”  a But  this  problem  really  does  arise  when  one  looks  for something in mathematics. One can ask, for example, how was it possible so much as to look for the trisection of an angle? 
464. What I want to teach is: to pass from unobvious nonsense to obvious nonsense. |134| 
465. “An expectation is so made that whatever happens has to accord with it, or not.”  If  someone  now  asks:  then  is  what  is  the  case  determined,  give  or take a yes or no, by an expectation or not a that is, is it determined in what sense the expectation would be satisﬁed by an event, no matter what happens? a then one has to reply: “Yes, unless the expression of the expectation is indeﬁnite, for example, if it contains a disjunction of different possibilities.” 
466. What does man think for? What is it good for? a Why does he make boilers according to calculations, and not leave the thickness of their walls to chance? After all, it is only a fact of experience that boilers made according to these calculations do not explode so often. But, just as having once been burnt, he would do anything rather than put    his hand into a ﬁre, so too he would do anything rather than not calculate  for  a  boiler.  a However,  since  we  are  not  interested  in  causes, we shall say: human beings do in fact think: this is how they proceed, for example, when they make a boiler. a Now, can’t a boiler produced in this way explode? Oh, yes. 
467. Does man think, then, because he has found that thinking pays? a Because he thinks it advantageous to think?  (Does he bring his children up because he has found it pays?) 
468. How could one ﬁnd out why he thinks? 
469. And yet one may say that thinking has been found to pay. That there  are  fewer  boiler  explosions  than  there  used  to  be,  now  that  we no longer go by hunches in deciding the thickness of the walls, but make such-and-such  calculations  instead.  Or,  ever  since  each  calculation done by one engineer got checked by another. 
470. So sometimes one thinks because it has been found to pay. 
471. Often it is only when we suppress the question “Why?” that we become  aware  of  those  important  facts,  which  then,  in  the  course  of our investigations, lead to an answer. 
472. The  character  of  the  belief  in  the  uniformity  of  nature  can  perhaps be seen most clearly in the case in which what is expected is something  we  fear.  Nothing  could  induce  me  to  put  my  hand  into  a ﬂame a even though it is only in the past that I have burnt myself. 
473. The  belief  that  ﬁre  will  burn  me  is  of  the  same  kind  as  the  fear that it will burn me. |135| 
474. I shall get burnt if I put my hand in the ﬁre a that is certainty.  That is to say, here we see what certainty means. (Not just the mean ing of the word “certainty” but also what certainty amounts to.) 
475. On being asked for the reasons for a supposition, one calls them to mind. Does the same thing happen here as when one considers what may have been the causes of an event?   
476. A distinction should be made between the object of fear and the cause of fear.  So a face which inspires fear or delight (the object of fear or delight)  is not on that account its cause, but a one might say a its target. 
477. “Why do you believe that you will burn yourself on the hotplate?” a Have you reasons for this belief, and do you need reasons? 
478. What kind of reason have I to assume that my ﬁnger will feel a resistance  when  it  touches  the  table?  What  kind  of  reason  for  believing that this pencil will not pierce my hand without hurting it? a When I  ask  this,  a  hundred  reasons  present  themselves,  each  drowning  out the voice of the others. “But I have experienced it myself innumerable times, often heard of similar experiences; if it were not so, it would . . . ; and so forth.” 
479. The  question  “For  what  reasons  do  you  believe  this?”  might mean: “From what reasons are you now deriving it (have you just derived it)?”  But  it  might  also  mean:  “With  hindsight,  what  reasons  can  you give me for this supposition?”   
480. So  one  could  actually  take  “reasons”  for  a  belief  to  mean  only what a person had said to himself before he arrived at the belief a the calculation that he actually carried out. If someone now asks, “But how can previous experience be a reason for the supposition that such-andsuch  will  occur  later  on?”,  the  answer  is:  What  general  concept  have we of reasons for this kind of supposition? This sort of statement about the  past  is  simply  what  we  call  a  reason  for  supposing  that  this  will happen in the future. a And if one is surprised at our playing such a game, I appeal to the effect of a past experience (to the fact that a burnt child fears the ﬁre). |136| 
481. If anyone said that information about the past couldn’t convince him that something would happen in the future, I wouldn’t understand him. One might ask him: What do you expect to be told, then? What sort  of  information  do  you  call  a  reason  for  believing  this?  What  do you call “convincing”? In what kind of way do you expect to be convinced? a If these are not reasons, then what are reasons? a If you say that these are not reasons, then you must surely be able to state what must  be  the  case  for  us  to  be  warranted  in  saying  that  there  are  reasons for our supposition.    For note: here reasons are not propositions which logically imply what  is believed.  But it is not as if one can say: less is needed for belief than for knowledge. a For this is not a matter of approximating to logical consequence. 
482. We are misled by this way of putting it: “This is a good reason, for  it  makes  the  occurrence  of  the  event  probable.”  That  is  as  if  we had said something further about the reason, something which justiﬁed it  as  a  reason;  whereas  to  say  that  this  reason  makes  the  occurrence probable  is  to  say  nothing  except  that  this  reason  comes  up  to  a  particular  standard  of  good  reasons  a but  that  the  standard  has  no grounds! 
483. A good reason is one that looks like this. 
484. One would like to say: “It is a good reason only because it makes the occurrence really probable.” Because it, so to speak, really has an inﬂuence on the event; as it were an empirical one. 
485. Justiﬁcation by experience comes to an end. If it did not, it would not be justiﬁcation. 
486. Does it follow from the sense impressions which I get that there is a chair over there? a How can a proposition follow from sense impressions?  Well,  does  it  follow  from  the  propositions  which  describe  the sense  impressions?  No.  a But  don’t  I  infer  that  a  chair  is  there  from impressions, from sense-data? a I make no inference! a and yet I sometimes do. I see a photograph, for example, and say “So there must have been a chair over there”, or again, “From what one can see here, I infer that there is a chair over there”. That is an inference; but not one belonging to logic. An inference is a transition to an assertion; and so also to the behaviour that corresponds to the assertion. ‘I draw the consequences’ not only in words, but also in deeds. |137|  Was  I  justiﬁed  in  drawing  these  consequences?  What  is  called a justiﬁcation  here?  a How  is  the  word  “justiﬁcation”  used?  Describe  language-games!  From  these  you  will  also  be  able  to  see  the  importance of being justiﬁed. 
487. “I’m leaving the room because you tell me to.”  “I’m leaving the room, but not because you tell me to.”    Does this sentence describe a connection between my action and his  order; or does it make the connection?  Can one ask: “How do you know that you do it because of this, or  not because of this?” And is the answer perhaps: “I feel it”? 
488. How do I judge whether it is so? By circumstantial evidence? 
489. Ask yourself: On what occasion, for what purpose, do we say this? What kinds of action accompany these words? (Think of a greeting.)  In what kinds of setting will they be used; and what for? 
490. How do I know that this train of thought has led me to this action? a Well, it is a particular picture: for example, of a calculation leading to a further experiment in an experimental investigation. It looks like this —– and now I could describe an example. 
491. Not:  “without  language  we  could  not  communicate  with  one another” a but for sure: without language we cannot inﬂuence other human  beings  in  such-and-such  ways;  cannot  build  roads  and machines, and so on. And also: without the use of speech and writing, human beings could not communicate. 
492. To  invent  a  language  could  mean  to  invent  a  device  for  a  particular purpose on the basis of the laws of nature (or consistently with them); but it also has the other sense, analogous to that in which we speak of the invention of a game.  Here  I  am  saying  something  about  the  grammar  of  the  word  “lan guage”, by connecting it with the grammar of the word “invent”. 
493. One  says,  “The  cock  calls  the  hens  by  crowing”  a but  isn’t  all this already based on a comparison with our language? a Don’t we see all  this  quite  differently  if  we  imagine  the  crowing  to  set  the  hens  in motion by some kind of physical causation?  But if it were shown how the words “Come to me” act on the person addressed so that, ﬁnally, given certain conditions, the muscles of his |138| legs are innervated, and so on a would that sentence thereby lose the character of a sentence for us?   
494. I  want  to  say:  it  is  above  all the  apparatus  of  our  ordinary  language, of our word-language, that we call “language”; and then other things by analogy or comparability with it. 
495. Clearly,  I  can  establish  by  experience  that  a  human  being  (or  animal) reacts to one sign as I want him to, and to another not. That, ” and goes for example, a human being goes to the right at the sign “ to the left at the sign “ ” as to “  ”; but does not react to the sign “  0  ”, and so on.  I don’t even need to make up a case, I just have to consider what is actually  so:  namely,  that  I  can  direct  a  person  who  has  learned  only English, only by using English. (For here I am looking at learning English as adjusting a mechanism to respond to a certain kind of inﬂuence; and it may be all one to us whether someone has learned the language, or was perhaps from birth constituted to react to sentences in English like a normal person who has learned English.) 
496. Grammar  does  not  tell  us  how  language  must  be  constructed  in order to fulﬁl its purpose, in order to have such-and-such an effect on human beings. It only describes, and in no way explains, the use of signs. 
497. The rules of grammar may be called “arbitrary”, if that is to mean that the purpose of grammar is nothing but that of language.  If someone says, “If our language had not this grammar, it could not  express these facts” a it should be asked what “could” means here. 
498. When I say that the orders “Bring me sugar!” and “Bring me milk!” have a sense, but not the combination “Milk me sugar”, this does not mean  that  the  utterance  of  this  combination  of  words  has  no  effect. And if its effect is that the other person stares at me and gapes, I don’t on that account call it an order to stare at me and gape, even if that was precisely the effect that I wanted to produce. 
499. To say “This combination of words has no sense” excludes it from the  sphere  of  language,  and  thereby  bounds  the  domain  of  language. But  when  one  draws  a  boundary,  it  may  be  for  various  kinds  of  reason. If I surround an area with a fence or a line or otherwise, the purpose  may  be  to  prevent  someone  from  getting  in  or  out;  |139| but  it    may also be part of a game and the players are supposed, say, to jump over the boundary; or it may show where the property of one person ends and that of another begins; and so on. So if I draw a boundaryline, that is not yet to say what I am drawing it for. 
500. When a sentence is called senseless, it is not, as it were, its sense that is senseless. Rather, a combination of words is being excluded from the language, withdrawn from circulation. 
501. “The purpose of language is to express thoughts.” a So presumably the purpose of every sentence is to express a thought. Then what thought is expressed, for example, by the sentence “It’s raining”? a 
502. Asking what the sense is. Compare:  “This sentence has a sense.” a “What sense?” “This sequence of words is a sentence.” a “What sentence?” 
503. If I give anyone an order, I feel it to be quite enough to give him signs. And I’d never say: these are just words, and I’ve got to get behind the words. Equally, when I’ve asked someone something, and he gives me an answer (that is, a sign), I am content a that’s what I expected a and I don’t object: but that’s a mere answer. 
504. But if someone says, “How am I to know what he means a I see only  his  signs?”,  then  I  say,  “How  is  he to  know  what  he  means,  he too has only his signs?” 
505. Must  I  understand  an  order  before  I  can  act  on  it?  a Certainly, otherwise you wouldn’t know what you had to do! a But from knowing to doing is surely a further step! a 
506. The absent-minded man who at the order “Right turn!” turns left, and then, clutching his forehead, says “Oh! right turn”, and does a right turn. a What has struck him? An interpretation? 
507. “I am not merely saying this, I mean something by it.” a When one considers what is going on in us when we mean (and don’t merely say) words, it seems to us as if there were something coupled to these words, which otherwise would run idle. a As if they, so to speak, engaged with something in us.   
508. I utter the sentence “The weather is ﬁne”; but the words are, after all, arbitrary signs a so let’s put “a b c d” in their place. But now, when I read this, I can’t connect it, without more ado, with the above sense. |140| I  am  not  used,  I  might  say,  to  saying  “a”  instead  of  “the”,  “b” instead  of  “weather”,  and  so  on.  But  I  don’t  mean  by  this  that  I  am not used to making an immediate association between the word “the” and “a”; rather, that I am not used to using “a” in the place of “the” a and therefore in the sense of “the”. (I don’t know this language.)  (I  am  not  used  to  Fahrenheit  measures  of  temperature.  That’s  why  such a speciﬁcation of temperature ‘says’ nothing to me.) 
509. What if we asked someone, “In what sense are these words a description of what you see?” a and he answers: “I mean this by these words.” (Perhaps he was looking at a landscape.) Why is this answer “I mean this . . .” no answer at all?  How does one mean, with words, what one sees before one? Suppose I said “a b c d” and meant thereby: the weather is ﬁne. For as I uttered these signs, I had the experience normally had only by someone who, year in, year out, used “a” in the sense of “the”, “b” in the sense of “weather”, and so on. a Does “a b c d” now say: the weather is ﬁne?  What should be the criterion for my having had that experience? 
510. Try to do the following: say “It’s cold here”, and mean “It’s warm here”. Can you do it? a And what are you doing as you do it? And is there only one way of doing it? 
511. What does “discovering that an utterance doesn’t make sense” mean? a And what does it mean to say, “If I mean something by it, surely it must make sense”? a If I mean something by it? a If I mean what by it?! a One wants to say: a sentence that makes sense is one which one can not merely say, but also think. 
512. It looks as if one could say: “Word-language allows of nonsensical combinations of words, but the language of imagining does not allow us to imagine anything nonsensical.” a Hence, too, the language of drawing  doesn’t  allow  nonsensical  drawings?  Suppose  they  were  drawings from  which  bodies  were  to  be  modelled.  In  this  case,  some  drawings make sense, some not. a What if I imagine nonsensical combinations of words?   
513. Consider the following form of expression: “The number of pages in my book is equal to a solution of the equation x3 + 2x − 3 = 0.” Or: “The number of my friends is n, and n2 + 2n + 2 = 0.” Does this sentence  make  sense?  This  cannot  be  seen  immediately.  From  this  example |141| one can see how it can come about that something looks like a sentence which we understand, and yet makes no sense.  (This throws light on the concepts of understanding and of meaning   something.) 
514. A philosopher says that he understands the sentence “I am here”, that  he  means  something  by  it,  thinks  something  a even  though  he  doesn’t  call  to  mind  in  the  least  how,  on  what  occasions,  this  sentence is used. And if I say “A rose is red in the dark too”, you virtually see this red in the dark before you. 
515. Two pictures of a rose in the dark. One is quite black; for the rose is  not  visible.  In  the  other,  it  is  painted  in  full  detail  and  surrounded by  black.  Is  one  of  them  right,  the  other  wrong?  Don’t  we  talk  of  a white  rose  in  the  dark  and  of  a  red  rose  in  the  dark?  And  don’t  we nevertheless say that they can’t be distinguished in the dark? 
516. It seems clear that we understand the meaning of the question “Does the sequence 7777 occur in the development of π?” It is an English sentence; it can be shown what it means for 415 to occur in the development of π; and similar things. Well, our understanding of that question reaches just so far, one may say, as such explanations reach. 
517. The question arises: Can’t we be mistaken in thinking that we understand a question?  For some mathematical proofs do lead us to say that we cannot imagine something which we believed we could imagine. (For example, the construction of a heptagon.) They lead us to revise what counts as the domain of the imaginable.   
518. Socrates to Theaetetus: “And if someone imagines, mustn’t he imagine something?” a Th.: “Yes, he must.” a Soc.: “And if he imagines something, mustn’t it be something real?” a Th.: “Apparently.”  And mustn’t someone who is painting be painting something a and someone who is painting something be painting something real? a Well, tell me what the object of painting is: the picture of the man (for example), or the man whom the picture portrays?   
519. One wants to say that an order is a picture of the action that was carried out on the order; but also that it is a picture of the action that is to be carried out on the order. 
520. “Even if one conceives of a proposition as a picture of a possible state  of  affairs,  and  says  that  it  shows  the  possibility  of  the  state  of affairs, |142| still, the most that a proposition can do is what a painting or relief or ﬁlm does; and so it can, at any rate, not present what is not the case. So does what is, and what is not, called (logically) possible  depend  wholly  on  our  grammar  a that  is,  on  what  it  permits?” a But  surely  that  is  arbitrary!  a Is  it  arbitrary?  a It  is  not  every  sentence-like formation that we know how to do something with, not every technique that has a use in our life; and when we are tempted in philosophy  to  count  something  quite  useless  as  a  proposition,  that  is often because we have not reﬂected sufﬁciently on its application. 
521. Compare ‘logically possible’ with ‘chemically possible’. One might perhaps  call  a  combination  chemically  possible  if  a  formula  with  the right valencies existed (e.g. H - O - O - O - H). Of course, such a combination need not exist; but even the formula HO2 cannot have less than no combination corresponding to it in reality. 
522. If  we  compare  a  proposition  to  a  picture,  we  must  consider whether we are comparing it to a portrait (a historical representation) or to a genre-picture. And both comparisons make sense.  When I look at a genre-picture, it ‘tells’ me something, even though I don’t believe (imagine) for a moment that the people I see in it really exist, or that there have really been people in that situation. For suppose I ask, “What does it tell me, then?” 
523. “A  picture  tells  me  itself”  is  what  I’d  like  to  say.  That  is,  its  telling  me  something  consists  in  its  own  structure,  in  its  own  forms  and  colours.  (What  would  it  mean  to  say  “A  musical  theme  tells  me itself”?) 
524. Don’t take it as a matter of course, but as a remarkable fact, that pictures and ﬁctitious narratives give us pleasure, absorb us.  (“Don’t take it as a matter of course” a that means: puzzle over this, as you do over some other things which disturb you. Then what is problematic  will  disappear,  by  your  accepting  the  one  fact  as  you  do  the other.)      ( (The transition from obvious nonsense to something which is unobvi ous nonsense.) ) 
525. “After he had said this, he left her as he did the day before.” a Do I understand this sentence? Do I understand it just as I would if I heard it in the course of a report? If it stood alone, |143| I’d say I don’t know  what  it’s  about.  But  all  the  same,  I’d  know  how  this  sentence might perhaps be used; I could even invent a context for it.  (A  multitude  of  familiar  paths  lead  off  from  these  words  in  all   directions.) 
526. What does it mean to understand a picture, a drawing? Here too there  is  understanding  and  not  understanding.  And  here  too  these expressions may mean various kinds of thing. The picture is, say, a stilllife;  but  I  don’t  understand  one  part  of  it:  I  cannot  see  solid  objects there, but only patches of colour on the canvas. a Or I see all the objects, but I am not familiar with them (they look like implements, but I don’t know  their  use).  a Perhaps,  however,  I  know  the  objects,  but,  in another sense, do not understand the way they are arranged. 
527. Understanding  a  sentence  in  language  is  much  more  akin  to understanding  a  theme  in  music  than  one  may  think.  What  I  mean  is  that  understanding  a  spoken  sentence  is  closer  than  one  thinks  to  what  is  ordinarily  called  understanding  a  musical  theme.  Why  is  just this the  pattern  of  variation  in  intensity  and  tempo?  One  would  like  to  say:  “Because  I  know  what  it  all  means.”  But  what  does  it  mean? I’d  not  be  able  to  say.  As  an  ‘explanation’,  I  could  compare  it  with  something else which has the same rhythm (I mean the same pattern). (One says, “Don’t you see, this is as if a conclusion were being drawn” or  “This  is,  as  it  were,  a  parenthesis”,  and  so  on.  How  does  one  justify such comparisons? a There are very different kinds of justiﬁcation here.) 
528. One might imagine people who had something not altogether unlike a language: vocal gestures, without vocabulary or grammar. (‘Speaking with tongues’.) 
529. “But what would the meaning of the sounds be in such a case?” a What  is  it  in  music?  Though  I  don’t  at  all  wish  to  say  that  this  language of vocal gestures would have to be compared to music.   
530. There might also be a language in whose use the ‘soul’ of the words played no part. In which, for example, we had no objection to replacing one word by a new, arbitrarily invented one. 
531. We speak of understanding a sentence in the sense in which it can be replaced by another which says the same; but also in the sense |144| in which it cannot be replaced by any other. (Any more than one musical theme can be replaced by another.)  In  the  one  case,  the  thought  in  the  sentence  is  what  is  common  to different  sentences;  in  the  other,  something  that  is  expressed  only  by these words in these positions. (Understanding a poem.) 
532. Then  has  “understanding”  two  different  meanings  here?  a I would rather say that these kinds of use of “understanding” make up its meaning, make up my concept of understanding.  For I want to apply the word “understanding” to all this. 
533. But in the second case, how can one explain the expression, communicate what one understands? Ask yourself: How does one lead someone to understand a poem or a theme? The answer to this tells us how one explains the sense here. 
534. Hearing a word as having this meaning. How curious that there should be such a thing!  Phrased  like this,  emphasized  like  this,  heard  in  this  way,  this  sentence  is  the  beginning  of  a  transition  to  these  sentences,  pictures, actions.    ( (A  multitude  of  familiar  paths  lead  off  from  these  words  in  all   directions.) ) 
535. What happens when we learn to feel the ending of a church mode as an ending? 
536. I say: “I can think of this face (which gives an impression of timidity) as courageous too.” We do not mean by this that I can imagine someone with this face perhaps saving someone’s life (that, of course, is imaginable in connection with any face). I am speaking, rather, of an aspect  of  the  face  itself.  Nor  do  I  mean  that  I  can  imagine  that  this man’s face might change so that it looked courageous in the ordinary sense, though I may very well mean that there is a quite deﬁnite way in which it can turn into a courageous face. The reinterpretation of a    facial  expression  can  be  compared  to  the  reinterpretation  of  a  chord  in  music,  when  we  hear  it  as  a  modulation  ﬁrst  into  this,  then  into  that, key.   
537. It is possible to say “I read timidity in this face”, but, at any rate, the timidity does not seem to be merely associated, outwardly connected, with the face; rather, fear is there, alive, in the features. If the features change  slightly,  we  can  speak  of  a  corresponding  change  in  the  |145| fear. If we were asked, “Can you think of this face as an expression of courage too?” a we should, as it were, not know how to lodge courage in these features. Then perhaps I say, “I don’t know what it would mean if this is a courageous face.” But what would an answer to such a question be like? Perhaps one says: “Yes, now I understand: the face is, as it were, indifferent to the outer world.” So we have somehow read courage into the face. Now once more, one might say, courage ﬁts this face. But what ﬁts what here? 
538. There is a related case (though perhaps it will not seem so) when, for example, we Germans are surprised that in French the predicative adjective agrees with the substantive in gender, and when we explain it to ourselves by saying: they mean “der Mensch ist ein guter”. 
539. I  see  a  picture  which  represents  a  smiling  face.  What  do  I  do  if  I  take  the  smile  now  as  a  kind  one,  now  as  malicious?  Don’t  I  often imagine it with a spatial and temporal context of kindness or malice? Thus I might, when looking at the picture, imagine it to be of a smiler smiling  down  on  a  child  at  play,  or  again  on  the  suffering  of  an  enemy.  This  is  in  no  way  altered  by  the  fact  that  I  can  also  take  the  apparently genial situation and interpret it differently by putting it into a  wider  context.  a If  no  special  circumstances  reverse  my  interpretation,  I  shall  conceive  a  particular  smile  as  kind,  call  it  a  “kind”  one, react accordingly.  ( (Probability, frequency.) ) 
540. “Isn’t it very peculiar that, without the institution of language and all its surroundings, I shouldn’t be able to think that it will soon stop raining?” a Do you want to say that it is strange that you should be unable  to  say  these  words  to  yourself  and  mean them  without  those surroundings?    Suppose someone were to point at the sky and come out with a number of unintelligible words. When we ask him what he means, he explains that the words mean “Thank heaven it’ll soon stop raining”. He even explains to us what the individual words mean. a I am assuming that he will, as it were, suddenly come to himself and say that the sentence was complete nonsense, but that when he uttered it, it had seemed to him  like  a  sentence  in  a  language  he  knew  (perhaps  even  |146| like  a familiar  quotation.)  a What  am  I  to  say  now?  Didn’t  he  understand the  sentence  as  he  was  saying  it?  Wasn’t  the  whole  meaning  there  in the sentence? 
541. But what did this understanding, and the meaning, consist in? He uttered the sounds in a cheerful voice perhaps, pointing to the sky while it was still raining but was already beginning to clear up; later he made a connection between his words and the English words. 
542. “But the point is, the words felt to him like the words of a language  he  knew  well.”  a Yes;  a  criterion  for  it  is  his  later  saying  just that. And now don’t say: “The feel of the words in a language we know is of a quite particular kind.” (What is the expression of this feeling?) 
543. Can’t I say: a cry, a laugh, are full of meaning?  And that means, roughly: much can be gathered from them. 
544. When  longing  makes  me  exclaim  “Oh,  if  only  he’d  come!”,  the feeling gives the words ‘meaning’. But does it give the individual words their meanings?  But  here  one  could  also  say  that  the  feeling  gave  the  words  truth. And now you see how the concepts here shade into one another. (This recalls the question: what is the sense of a mathematical proposition?) 
545. But when one says “I hope he’ll come” a doesn’t the feeling give the word “hope” its meaning? (And what about the sentence “I no longer hope he’ll come”?) The feeling does perhaps give the word “hope” its special  ring;  that  is,  it  is  expressed  in  that  ring.  a If  the  feeling  gives the word its meaning, then here “meaning” amounts to: that which matters. But why is the feeling what matters?  Is hope a feeling? (Characteristic marks.) 
546. In  this  way,  I’d  like  to  say,  the  words  “Oh,  if  only  he’d  come!” are charged with my longing. And words can be wrung from us a like    a cry. Words can be hard to utter: those, for example, with which one renounces something, or confesses a weakness. (Words are also deeds.) 
547. Negating: a ‘mental activity’. Negate something and observe what you  are  doing.  a Do  you  perhaps  inwardly  shake  your  head?  And  if you  do,  is  this  process  more  deserving  of  our  interest  than,  say,  |147| that of writing a sign of negation in a sentence? Do you now know the essence of negation? 
548. What  is  the  difference  between  the  two  processes:  wishing  that  something should happen and wishing that the same thing should not happen?  If one wanted to represent it pictorially, one might treat the picture of the event in different ways: cross it out, or put a line round it, and so  on.  But  this  strikes  us  as  a  crude method  of  expression.  In  wordlanguage we do indeed use the sign “not”. This is like a clumsy expedient. One supposes that in thought it happens differently. 
549. “How can the word ‘not’ negate?” a “The sign ‘not’ indicates that you  are  to  take  what  follows  negatively.”  One  would  like  to  say:  the sign of negation is our occasion for doing something a possibly something very complicated. It is as if the negation sign prompted us to do something. But what? That is not said. It is as if it only needed to be hinted at; as if we already knew. As if no explanation were needed, since we are already familiar with the matter anyway.    (a)  “The  fact  that  three  negations  yield  a  negation  again  must already be contained in the single negation that I am using now.” (The temptation to invent a myth of ‘meaning’.)  It looks as if it followed from the nature of negation that a double  negation  is  an  afﬁrmation.  (And  there  is  something  right about this. What? Our nature is connected with both.)  (b) There can be no debate about whether these or other rules are the right ones for the word “not” (I mean, whether they accord with  its  meaning).  For  without  these  rules,  the  word  has  as  yet no meaning; and if we change the rules, it now has another meaning  (or  none),  and  in  that  case  we  may  just  as  well  change  the word too. |p. 147 n.|   
550. Negating,  one  might  say,  is  a  gesture  of  exclusion,  of  rejection. But we use such a gesture in a great variety of cases! 
551. “Is the negation in ‘Iron does not melt at 100 degrees Centigrade’ the  same  as  in  ‘Two  times  two  is  not  ﬁve’?”  Is  this  to  be  decided  by introspection,  by  trying  to  see  what  we  are  thinking as  we  utter  the two sentences? 
552. What if I were to ask: does it become evident, while we are uttering the sentences “This rod is 1 metre long” and “Here is 1 soldier”, |148| that we mean different things by “1”, that “1” has different meanings? a It does not become evident at all. a Say, for example, such a sentence as “1 metre is occupied by 1 soldier, and so 2 metres are occupied by 2 soldiers”. Asked, “Do you mean the same by both ‘ones’?”, one  would  perhaps  answer,  “Of  course  I  mean  the  same:  one!” (Perhaps raising one ﬁnger.) 
553. Now  has  “1”  a  different  meaning  when  it  stands  for  a  measure and when it stands for a number? If the question is framed in this way, one will answer afﬁrmatively. 
554. We  can  easily  imagine  human  beings  with  a  ‘more  primitive’ logic, in which something corresponding to our negation is applied only to certain sentences; perhaps to those that do not yet contain any negation. It would be possible to negate the sentence “He is going into the house”, but a negation of the negated sentence would be senseless, or would  count  only  as  a  repetition  of  the  negation.  Think  of  means  of expressing negation different from ours: by the pitch of the uttered sentence, for instance. What would a double negation be like there? 
555. The question of whether negation had the same meaning to these people as to us would be analogous to the question as to whether the ﬁgure “5” meant the same to people whose number series ended at 5 as to us. 
556. Imagine  a  language  with  two  different  words  for  negation,  “X” and  “Y”.  Doubling  “X”  yields  an  afﬁrmation,  doubling  “Y”  an emphatic negation. Apart from that, the two words are used similarly. a Now have “X” and “Y” the same meaning in sentences where they occur  without  being  repeated?  a One  might  give  various  answers  to this.    (a) The two words have different uses. So they have different meanings.  But  sentences  in  which  they  occur  without  being  repeated,  and which are otherwise the same, have the same sense.  (b) The two words have the same function in language-games, except for this one difference, which is just an unimportant matter of custom. The use of the two words is taught in the same way, by means of the same actions, gestures, pictures, and so on; and in explanations of the words, the difference in the ways they are used is appended as something incidental, as one of the capricious features of the language. That’s why we’ll say: “X” and “Y” have the same meaning.  (c)  We  connect  different  images  with  the  two  negations.  “X”,  as  it |149| were, turns the sense through 180°. And that is why two such negations restore the sense to its former position. “Y” is like shaking one’s head. And just as one doesn’t annul a shake of the head by shaking it again, so too one doesn’t cancel one “Y” by a second one. And so even if in practice sentences with the two signs of negation come to the same thing, still “X” and “Y” express different ideas. 
557. When I uttered the double negation, what constituted my meaning it as an emphatic negation and not as an afﬁrmation? There is no answer  running:  “It  consisted  in  the  fact  that . . .”  In  certain  circumstances, instead of saying “This reiteration is meant as an emphasis”, I can pronounce it as an emphasis. Instead of saying “The reiteration of the negation is meant to cancel it”, I can, for example, insert brackets. a “Yes, but these brackets may themselves have different roles; for who  says  that  they  are  to  be  taken  as  brackets?”  No  one  does.  And haven’t  you  explained  your  own  conception  in  turn  by  means  of words? What the brackets mean lies in the technique of applying them. The  question  is:  under  what  circumstances  does  it  make  sense  to  say  “I  meant . . .”,  and  what  circumstances  warrant  my  saying  “He  meant . . .”? 
558. What does it mean to say that the “is” in “The rose is red” has a different meaning from the “is” in “Two times two is four”? If it is answered that it means that different rules are valid for these two words, the retort is that we have only one word here. a And if I attend only to  the  grammatical  rules,  these  do  allow  the  use  of  the  word  “is”  in both kinds of context. a But the rule which shows that the word “is” has different meanings in these sentences is the one allowing us to replace the word “is” in the second sentence by the sign of equality, and forbidding this substitution in the ﬁrst sentence.       
559. One  would  like  to  speak  of  the  function  of  a  word  in  this sentence.  As  if  the  sentence  were  a  mechanism  in  which  the  word  had  a particular function. But what does this function consist in? How does it  come  to  light?  For  after  all,  nothing  is  hidden  a we  see  the  whole sentence!  The  function  must  come  out  in  operating  the  calculus. ( (Meaning-bodies.) ) 
560. “The  meaning  of  a  word  is  what  an  explanation  of  its  meaning explains.” That is, if you want to understand the use of the word “meaning”, look for what one calls “an explanation of meaning”. |150| 
561. Now  isn’t  it  remarkable  that  I  say  that  the  word  “is”  is  used  with  two  different  meanings  (as  copula  and  as  sign  of  equality),  and wouldn’t  want  to  say  that  its  meaning  is  its  use;  its  use,  namely,  as  copula and as sign of equality?  One  would  like  to  say  that  these  two  kinds  of  use  don’t  yield  a  single meaning; the union under one head, effected by the same word, is an inessential coincidence. 
562. But how can I decide what is an essential, and what an inessential,  coincidental,  feature  of  the  notation?  Is  there  some  reality  lying behind the notation, to which its grammar conforms?  Let’s  think  of  a  similar  case  in  a  game:  in  draughts  a  king  is  indicated by putting one piece on top of another. Now won’t one say that it’s inessential to the game for a king to consist of two pieces? 
563. Let’s  say  that  the  meaning  of  a  piece  is  its  role  in  the  game.  a Now let it be decided by lot, before a game of chess begins, which of the players gets white. For this, one player holds a king in each closed hand, while the other chooses one of the two hands, trusting to luck. Will it be counted as part of the role of the king in chess that it is used to draw lots in this way? 
564. So  I  am  inclined  to  distinguish  between  essential  and  inessential rules  in  a  game  too.  The  game,  one  would  like  to  say,  has  not  only rules but also a point. 
565. What’s the point of using the same word? In the calculus we don’t make  use  of  any  such  sameness  of  sign!  a Why  the  same  chess  piece for both purposes? a But what does it mean here to speak of “making use of the sameness of sign”? For isn’t it a single use, if we actually use the same word?   
566. And now it looks as if the use of the same word or the same piece had  a  purpose a if  the  sameness  is  not  coincidental,  inessential.  And as  if  the  purpose  were  that  one  should  be  able  to  recognize  the  piece and know how to play. a Are we talking about a physical or a logical possibility here? If the latter, then the sameness of the piece is part of the game. 
567. But, after all, the game is supposed to be determined by the rules! So,  if  a  rule  of  the  game  prescribes  that  the  kings  are  to  be  used  for drawing  lots  before  a  game  of  chess,  then  that  is  an  essential  part  of the game. What objection might one make to this? That one does not see the point of this prescription. Perhaps as one likewise wouldn’t see the point of a rule by which each piece had to be turned round three times |151| before one moved it. If we found this rule in a board-game, we’d be surprised and would speculate about the purpose of the rule. (“Was this prescription meant to prevent one from moving without due consideration?”) 
568. If I understand the character of the game aright, I might say, then this isn’t an essential part of it.    ( (Meaning a a physiognomy.) ) 
569. Language is an instrument. Its concepts are instruments. Now perhaps  one  thinks  that  it  can  make  no  great difference  which concepts we employ. As, after all, it is possible to do physics in feet and inches as  well  as  in  metres  and  centimetres;  the  difference  is  merely  one  of convenience.  But  even  this  is  not  true  if,  for  instance,  calculations  in some system of measurement demand more time and trouble than we can afford. 
570. Concepts lead us to make investigations. They are the expression of our interest and direct our interest.   
571. A  misleading  parallel:  psychology  treats  of  processes  in  the  mental sphere, as does physics in the physical.  Seeing, hearing, thinking, feeling, willing, are not the subject matter of  psychology  in  the  same  sense  as  that  in  which  the  movements  of  bodies, the phenomena of electricity, and so forth are the subject matter of physics. You can see this from the fact that the physicist sees, hears, thinks about and informs us of these phenomena, and the psychologist observes the utterances (the behaviour) of the subject.   
572. Expectation  is,  grammatically,  a  state;  like  being  of  an  opinion, hoping for something, knowing something, being able to do something. But in order to understand the grammar of these states, it is necessary to ask: “What counts as a criterion for anyone’s being in such a state?” (States of hardness, of weight, of ﬁtting.) 
573. To have an opinion is a state. a A state of what? Of the soul? Of the mind? Well, what does one say has an opinion? Mr N.N., for example. And that is the correct answer.  One should not expect to be enlightened by the answer to that question. Other questions that go deeper are: What, in particular cases, do we regard as criteria for someone’s being of such-and-such an opinion? When do we say that he reached this opinion at that time? When that he has altered his opinion? And so on. The picture that the answers to these questions give us shows what gets treated grammatically as a state here. |152| 
574. A sentence, and hence in another sense a thought, can be the ‘expression’ of belief, hope, expectation, etc. But believing is not thinking. (A grammatical remark.) The concepts of believing, expecting, hoping are less different in kind from one another than they are from the concept of thinking. 
575. When I sat down on this chair, of course I believed it would bear me. The thought of its collapsing never crossed my mind.  But: “In spite of everything that he did, I held fast to the belief . . .” Here there is thought, and perhaps a recurrent struggle to maintain an attitude. 
576. I  look  at  a  burning  fuse,  excitedly  watching  the  ﬂame  approach the explosive. Perhaps I don’t think anything at all, or have lots of disjointed thoughts. This is certainly a case of expecting. 
577. We say “I’m expecting him” when we believe that he’ll come, though his coming does not occupy our thoughts. (Here “I’m expecting him” would mean “I’d be surprised if he didn’t come” a and that will not be called a description of a state of mind.) But we also say “I’m expecting him” when it is supposed to mean: I’m eagerly awaiting him. We could imagine a language in which different verbs were consistently used in  these  cases.  And  similarly,  more  than  one  verb  where  we  speak  of ‘believing’, ‘hoping’, and so on. The concepts of such a language would    perhaps be more suitable for understanding psychology than are the concepts of our language. 
578. Ask yourself: What does it mean to believe Goldbach’s conjecture? What  does  this  belief  consist  in?  In  a  feeling  of  certainty  as  we  state, hear or think the conjecture? (That would not interest us.) And what are the characteristics of this feeling? Why, I don’t even know how far the feeling may be caused by the conjecture itself.  Am I to say that belief is a colour tone of our thoughts? Where does this idea come from? Well, there is a tone of believing, as of doubting. I should like to ask: how does the belief engage with this conjecture? Let us look and see what are the consequences of this belief, where it takes us. “It makes me search for a proof of the conjecture.” a Very well; and now let us look and see what your searching really consists in! Then we shall know what believing the conjecture amounts to. |153| 
579. A feeling of conﬁdence. How is it manifested in behaviour? 
580. An ‘inner process’ stands in need of outward criteria. 
581. An expectation is embedded in a situation, from which it arises. The  expectation  of  an  explosion  may,  for  example,  arise  from  a  situation in which an explosion is to be expected. 
582. If,  instead  of  saying  “I  expect  the  explosion  any  moment  now”, someone whispered “It’ll go off in a moment”, then his words do not describe a feeling, although they and their tone may be a manifestation of it. 
583. “But you talk as if I weren’t really expecting, hoping, now a when I  thought  I  was.  As  if  what  were  happening  now had  no  deep signiﬁcance.”  a What  does  it  mean  to  say  “What  is  happening  now has  signiﬁcance”  or  “has  deep  signiﬁcance”?  What  is  a  deep feeling? Could  someone  have  a  feeling  of  ardent  love  or  hope  for  one  second a no matter what preceded or followed this second? —– What is happening now has signiﬁcance a in these surroundings. The surroundings give it its importance. And the word “hope” refers to a phenomenon of human life. (A smiling mouth smiles only in a human face.) 
584. Now suppose I sit in my room and hope that N.N. will come and bring me some money, and suppose one minute of this state could be    isolated, cut out of its context; would what happened in it then not be hoping?  a Think,  for  example,  of  the  words  which  you  may  utter  in this  time.  They  are  no  longer  part  of  this  language.  And  in  different surroundings the institution of money doesn’t exist either.  A coronation is the picture of pomp and dignity. Cut one minute of this  proceeding  out  of  its  surroundings:  the  crown  is  being  placed  on the  head  of  the  king  in  his  coronation  robes.  a But  in  different  surroundings, gold is the cheapest of metals, its gleam is thought vulgar. There the fabric of the robe is cheap to produce. A crown is a parody of a respectable hat. And so on. 
585. When  someone  says  “I  hope  he’ll  come”,  is  this  a  report about his state of mind, or a manifestation of his hope? a I may, for example, say it to myself. And surely I am not giving myself a report. It may be a sigh; but it need not be. If I tell someone, “I can’t keep my mind on  my  work  today;  I  keep  on  thinking  of  his  coming”  a this will  be called a description of my state of mind. |154| 
586. “I’ve heard he is coming; I’ve been expecting him all day.” This is  a  report  on  how  I  have  spent  the  day.  —–  In  conversation,  I  come to the conclusion that a particular event is to be expected, and I draw this conclusion in the words “So now I must expect him to come”. This may  be  called  the  ﬁrst  thought,  the  ﬁrst  act,  of  this  expectation.  —– The exclamation “I’m expecting him a I’m longing to see him!” may be  called  an  act  of  expecting.  But  I  can  utter  the  same  words  as  the result  of  self-observation,  and  then  they  might  amount  to:  “So,  after all that has happened, I’m still expecting him with longing.” It all depends on what led up to these words. 
587. Does  it  make  sense  to  ask  “How  do  you  know  that  you  believe that?” a and is the answer: “I ﬁnd it out by introspection”?  In  some cases  it  will  be  possible  to  say  some  such  thing,  in  most   not.  It  makes  sense  to  ask,  “Do  I  really  love  her,  or  am  I  only  fooling myself?”, and the process of introspection is the calling up of memories, of imagined possible situations, and of the feelings that one would have if . . . 
588. “I’m in two minds whether to go away tomorrow.” (This may be called a description of a state of mind.) —– “Your arguments don’t convince me; now as before it is my intention to go away tomorrow.” Here    one  is  tempted  to  call  the  intention  a  feeling.  The  feeling  is  one  of  a certain  rigidity,  of  irrevocable  decision.  (But  here  too  there  are  many different  characteristic  feelings  and  attitudes.)  —–  I  am  asked:  “How long  are  you  staying  here?”  I  reply:  “Tomorrow  I’m  going  away;  it’s the end of my holidays.” a But, by contrast, I say, at the end of a quarrel, “All right! Then I’ll go tomorrow!” a I make a decision.   
589. “In  my  heart  I’ve  decided  it.”  And  one  is  even  inclined  to  point to one’s breast as one says it. Psychologically, this way of speaking should be taken seriously. Why should it be taken less seriously than the statement that faith is a state of the soul? (Luther: “Faith is under the left nipple.”) 
590. Someone might learn to understand the meaning of the expression “seriously meaning what one says” by a gesture of pointing at the heart. But now one must ask: “What shows that he has learnt it?” |155| 
591. Am I to say that any one who has an intention has an experience of tending towards something? That there are particular experiences of ‘tending’? a Remember this case: if one urgently wants to make some remark, some objection, in a discussion, it often happens that one opens one’s  mouth,  draws  a  breath,  and  holds  it;  if  one  then  decides  to  let the objection drop, one lets one’s breath out. The experience of what goes on here seems to be an experience of a tendency to say something. An observer will realize that I wanted to say something and then thought better  of  it.  In  this situation,  that  is.  a In  a  different  one,  he  would  not  interpret  my  behaviour  in  this  way,  however  characteristic  of  the intention  to  speak  it  may  be  in  the  present  situation.  And  is  there  any reason for assuming that this same experience could not occur in some quite different situation in which it has nothing to do with any ‘tending’? 
592. “But when you say ‘I intend to go away’, you surely mean it! Here again it just is the mental act of meaning that gives the sentence life. If you merely repeat the sentence after someone else, say in order to mock his way of speaking, then you utter it without this act of meaning.” a When  we  are  doing  philosophy,  it  may  sometimes  look  like  that.  But let’s think up really different situations and conversations, and the ways in which that sentence is uttered in them. a “I always discover a mental undertone; perhaps not always the same one.” a And was there no    undertone  there  when  you  repeated  the  sentence  after  someone  else? And how is the ‘undertone’ now to be separated from the rest of the experience of speaking? 
593. A main cause of philosophical diseases a a one-sided diet: one nourishes one’s thinking with only one kind of example. 
594. “But  the  words,  signiﬁcantly  uttered,  have,  after  all,  not  only  a surface, but also a dimension of depth!” After all, something different does take place when they are uttered signiﬁcantly from when they are merely  uttered.  a How  I  express  this  is  not  the  point.  Whether  I  say that in the ﬁrst case they have depth; or that something goes on in me, in my mind, as I utter them; or that they have an atmosphere a it always comes to the same thing.  “Well, if we all agree about that, won’t it be true?” (I cannot accept the other person’s testimony, because it is not testi mony. It only tells me what he is inclined to say.) 
595. It is natural for us to say a sentence in such-and-such a context, and unnatural to say it in isolation. Are we to say that |156| there is a particular feeling accompanying the utterance of every sentence whose utterance comes naturally to us? 
596. The  feeling  of  ‘familiarity’  and  of  ‘naturalness’.  It  is  easier  to  come  across  a  feeling  of  unfamiliarity  and  of  unnaturalness.  Or,  feelings. For not everything that is unfamiliar to us makes an impression of  unfamiliarity  upon  us.  And  here  one  has  to  consider  what  we  call “unfamiliar”. If a boulder lies on the road, we know it for a boulder, but  perhaps  not  for  the  one  which  has  always  been  lying  there.  We  recognize a man, say, as a man, but not as an acquaintance. There are feelings  of  long-standing  familiarity:  they  are  sometimes  manifest  in a particular way of looking or by the words “The same old room!” (which  I  occupied  many  years  before  and,  now  returning,  ﬁnd unchanged). Equally, there are feelings of strangeness: I stop short, look at  the  object  or  man  questioningly  or  suspiciously,  and  say  “I  ﬁnd  it all strange”. a But the existence of this feeling of strangeness does not give us a reason for saying that every object which we know well and which  does  not  seem  strange  to  us  gives  us  a  feeling  of  familiarity.  a It  is  as  if  we  thought  that  the  space  once  ﬁlled  by  the  feeling  of strangeness must surely be ﬁlled by something. The space for these kinds of atmosphere is there, and if one of them is not ﬁlling it, then another is.   
597. Germanisms will creep into the speech of a German who speaks English  well,  even  though  he  does  not  ﬁrst  construct  the  German expression and then translate it into English. This will make him speak English as if he were translating ‘unconsciously’ from German. So too, we  often  think  in  a  way  that  makes  it  seem  as  if  our  thinking  were grounded in a thought-schema, as if we were translating from a more primitive mode of thought into our own. 
598. When  we  do  philosophy,  we  are  inclined  to  hypostatize  feelings where there are none. They serve to explain our thoughts to us.  “Here the explanation of our thinking requires a feeling!” It is as if  our conviction answered to this demand. 
599. In philosophy no inferences are drawn. “But it must be like this!” is not a philosophical proposition. Philosophy only states what everyone concedes to it. 
600. Does everything that we do not ﬁnd conspicuous make an impression of inconspicuousness? Does what is ordinary always make the impression of ordinariness? |157| 
601. When I talk about this table a do I remember that this object is called a “table”? 
602. Asked  “Did  you  recognize  your  desk  when  you  entered  your room this morning?” a I’d no doubt say “Certainly!” And yet it would be misleading to say that any recognizing had occurred. Of course, the desk was not strange to me; I wasn’t surprised to see it, as I would have been if another one had been standing there, or some unfamiliar object. 
603. No one will say that every time I enter my room, my long familiar surroundings, there occurs an act of recognition of all that I see and have seen hundreds of times before. 
604. It  is  easy  to  misconceive  what  is  called  “recognizing”;  as  if  recognizing  always  consisted  in  comparing  two  impressions  with  one another. It is as if I carried a picture of an object with me and used it to identify an object as the one represented by the picture. Our memory seems to us to be the agent of such a comparison, by preserving a picture  of  what  has  been  seen  before,  or  by  allowing  us  to  look  into the past (as if down a spyglass).   
605. Indeed, it is not so much as if I were comparing the object with a picture set beside it, but as if the object coincided with the picture. So I see only one thing, not two. 
606. We  say  “The  expression  in  his  voice  was  genuine”.  If  it  was  spurious, we think of another one, as it were behind it. a This is the face he shows the world; inwardly he has another one. a But this does not mean that when his expression is genuine, he has two identical faces.    ( (“A quite particular expression.”) ) 
607. How  does  one  guess  the  time?  I  don’t  mean  by  clues,  such  as  the  position  of  the  sun,  the  brightness  of  the  room,  and  the  like.  a One asks oneself, say, “What time can it be?”, pauses a moment, perhaps imagines a clock face, and then says a time. a Or one considers various  possibilities,  thinks  ﬁrst  of  one  time,  then  of  another,  and  in the  end  stops  at  a  particular  one.  That’s  the  sort  of  thing  one  does.  —–  But  isn’t  the  hunch  accompanied  by  a  feeling  of  conviction;  and doesn’t  that  mean  that  it  now  accords  with  an  inner  clock?  a No,  I don’t read the time off from any clock; there is a feeling of conviction  inasmuch  as  I  say  a  time  to  myself  without a  feeling  of  doubt,  with calm assurance. a But doesn’t something click as I say |158| the time, stopping  at  a  number?  And  I’d  never  have  spoken  of  ‘a  feeling  of  conviction’  here,  but  would  have  said:  I  considered  a  while  and  then plumped for its being quarter past ﬁve. a But what did I go by? I might perhaps  have  said  “just  by  feeling”,  which  only  means  that  I  relied  on  a  hunch.  —–  But  surely  you  must  at  least  have  put  yourself  in  a particular state of mind in order to guess the time; and you don’t take just  any  old  idea  of  what  time  it  is  as  giving  the  correct  time!  a To repeat:  I  asked myself  “I  wonder  what  time  it  is”  That  is,  I  did  not,  for example, read this sentence in a story, or quote it as someone else’s utterance;  nor  was  I  practising  the  pronunciation  of  these  words;  and so on. These were not the circumstances of my saying the words. a But  then,  what were  the  circumstances?  a I  was  thinking  about  my  breakfast,  and  wondering  whether  it  would  be  late  today.  These  were  the  kind  of  circumstances.  a But  do  you  really  not  see  that  you were in a state of mind which, though intangible, is characteristic of  guessing  the  time,  as  if  you  were  surrounded  by  an  atmosphere  characteristic  of  doing  so.  a Yes;  what  was  characteristic  was  that  I    said to myself “I wonder what time it is” a And if this sentence has a particular atmosphere, how am I to separate it from the sentence itself? It would never have occurred to me to think that the sentence had such an aura, if I had not thought of how one might say it differently a as a  quotation,  as  a  joke,  as  practice  in  elocution,  and  so  on.  And  then all at once I wanted to say a then all at once it seemed to me a that I  must  after  all  have  meant the  words  somehow  specially;  differently, that is, from in those other cases. The picture of the special atmosphere forced  itself  upon  me;  I  virtually  see  the  atmosphere  before  me  a so long, that is, as I do not look at what, according to my memory, really happened.  And as for the feeling of certainty: I sometimes say to myself, “I am sure it’s . . .o’clock”, and in a more or less conﬁdent tone of voice, and so on. If you ask me the reason for this certainty, I have none.  If I say: I read it off from an inner clock a that is a picture, and all that corresponds to it is that I estimated the time. And the purpose of the picture is to assimilate this case to the other one. I am reluctant to acknowledge two different cases here. 
608. The idea of the intangibility of that mental state in estimating the time  is  of  the  greatest  importance.  Why  is  it  intangible?  Isn’t  it  |159| because we refuse to count what is tangible about our state as part of the speciﬁc state which we are postulating?     
609. The description of an atmosphere is a special application of language, for special purposes.  ( (Interpreting  ‘understanding’  as  atmosphere;  as  a  mental  act.  One can  fabricate  an  atmosphere  apropos  anything.  ‘An  indescribable  character.’) ) 
610. Describe the aroma of coffee! a Why can’t it be done? Do we lack the words? And for what are words lacking? a But where do we get the idea that such a description must, after all, be possible? Have you ever felt the lack of such a description? Have you tried to describe the aroma and failed?  ( (I am inclined to say: “These notes say something glorious, but I do not know what.” These notes are a powerful gesture, but I cannot put anything side by side with it that will serve as an explanation. A grave nod. James: “We lack the words.” Then why don’t we introduce new ones? What would have to be the case for us to be able to?) )     
611. “Willing  a wanting  a too  is  merely  an  experience,”  one  would like  to  say  (the  ‘will’  too  only  ‘idea’).  It  comes  when  it  comes,  and  I cannot bring it about.  Not bring it about? a Like what? What can I bring about, then? What  am I comparing it with when I say this? 
612. I wouldn’t say of the movement of my arm, for example, that it comes  when  it  comes,  and  so  on.  And  this  is  the  domain  in  which  it makes sense to say that something doesn’t simply happen to us, but that we  do it. “I don’t need to wait for my arm to rise a I can raise it.” And here I am making a contrast between the movement of my arm and, say, the fact that the violent thudding of my heart will subside. 
613. In  the  sense  in  which  I  can  ever  bring  about  anything  (such  as  stomach-ache through overeating), I can also bring about wanting. In this  sense,  I  bring  about  wanting  to  swim  by  jumping  into  the  water.  I  suppose  I  was  trying  to  say:  I  can’t  want  to  want;  that  is,  it  makes no sense to speak of wanting to want. “Wanting” is not the name of an action, and so not of a voluntary one either. And my use of a wrong expression came from the fact that one is inclined to think of wanting as an immediate non-causal bringing about. But a misleading analogy lies at the root of this idea; the causal |160| nexus seems to be established by a mechanism connecting two parts of a machine. The connection may be  disrupted  if  the  mechanism  malfunctions.  (One  thinks  only  of  the normal ways in which a mechanism goes wrong, not, say, of cog-wheels suddenly going soft, or penetrating each other, and so on.) 
614. When I raise my arm ‘voluntarily’, I don’t make use of any means to bring the movement about. My wish is not such a means either. 
615. “Willing,  if  it  is  not  to  be  a  sort  of  wishing,  must  be  the  action itself. It mustn’t stop anywhere short of the action.” If it is the action, then it is so in the ordinary sense of the word; so it is speaking, writing, walking, lifting a thing, imagining something. But it is also striving,  trying,  making  an  effort  a to  speak,  to  write,  to  lift  a  thing,  to imagine something, and so on. 
616. When I raise my arm, I have not wished it to rise. The voluntary action excludes this wish. It is, however, possible to say: “I hope I shall draw the circle faultlessly.” And that is to express a wish that one’s hand should move in such-and-such a way.   
617. If we cross our ﬁngers in a special way, we are sometimes unable to move a particular ﬁnger when someone tells us to do so, if he only points to the ﬁnger a merely shows it to the eye. However, if he touches it, we can move it. One would like to describe this experience as follows:  we  are  unable  to  will to  move  the  ﬁnger.  The  case  is  quite  different from that in which we are not able to move the ﬁnger because someone is, say, holding it. One is now inclined to describe the former case  by  saying:  one  can’t  ﬁnd  any  point  of  application  for  the  will  until the ﬁnger is touched. Only when one feels the ﬁnger can the will know where it is to engage. a But this way of putting it is misleading. One would like to say: “How am I to know where I am to catch hold with the will, if the feeling does not indicate the place?” But then how do  I  know  to  what  point  I  am  to  direct  the  will  when  the  feeling  is there?  It is experience that shows that in this case the ﬁnger is, as it were, paralysed until we feel a touch on it; it could not have been known a priori.   
618. One  imagines  the  willing  subject  here  as  something  without  any mass (without any inertia), as a motor which has no inertia in itself to overcome. And so it is only mover, not moved. That is: |161| one can say “I will, but my body does not obey me” a but not: “My will does not obey me.” (Augustine)  But in the sense in which I can’t fail to will, I can’t try to will either. 
619. And one might say: “It is only inasmuch as I can never try to will that I can always will.” 
620. Doing itself seems not to have any experiential volume. It seems like an extensionless point, the point of a needle. This point seems to be the real agent a and what happens in the realm of appearances merely consequences of this doing. “I do” seems to have a deﬁnite sense, independently of any experience. 
621. But  there  is  one  thing  we  shouldn’t  overlook:  when  ‘I  raise  my arm’, my arm rises. And now a problem emerges: what is left over if I subtract the fact that my arm rises from the fact that I raise my arm?    ( (Are the kinaesthetic sensations my willing?) )   
622. When I raise my arm, I don’t usually try to raise it. 
623. “I  want  to  get  to  that  house  at  all  costs.”  a But  if  there  is  no difﬁculty about it, can I strive at all costs to get to the house? 
624. In the laboratory, when subjected to an electric current, for example,  someone  with  his  eyes  shut  says  “I  am  moving  my  arm  up  and down” a though his arm is not moving. “So”, we say, “he has the special feeling of making that movement.” a Move your arm to and fro with  your  eyes  shut.  And  now  try,  while  you  do  so,  to  talk  yourself into the idea that your arm is staying still and that you are only having certain strange feelings in your muscles and joints! 
625. “How do you know that you’ve raised your arm?” a “I feel it.” So what you recognize is the feeling? And are you certain that you recognize it right? a You’re certain that you’ve raised your arm; isn’t this the criterion, the measure, of recognizing? 
626. “When  I  touch  this  object  with  a  stick,  I  have  the  sensation  of touching in the tip of the stick, not in the hand that holds it.” When someone says “The pain isn’t here in my hand, but in my wrist”, this has the consequence that the doctor examines the wrist. But what difference does it make if I say that I feel the hardness of the |162| object in the tip of the stick or in my hand? Does what I say mean “It’s as if I had nerve endings in the tip of the stick?” In what way is it like that? a Well,  I  am  at  any  rate  inclined  to  say,  “I  feel  the  hardness  and  so forth in the tip of the stick”. What goes with this is that when I touch the object, I look not at my hand but at the tip of the stick; that I describe what I feel by saying “I feel something hard and round there” a not “I feel a pressure against the tips of my thumb, middle ﬁnger, and index ﬁnger . . .”  If,  for  example,  someone  were  to  ask  me,  “What  are  you now feeling in the ﬁngers that hold the probe?”, I might reply: “I don’t know —– I feel something hard and rough over there”. 
627. Consider  the  following  description  of  a  voluntary  action:  “I  form  the  decision  to  pull  the  bell  at  5 o’clock;  and  when  it  strikes  5, my arm makes this movement.” a Is that the correct description, and not this one: “. . . and when it strikes 5, I raise my arm”? —– One would like to supplement the ﬁrst description: “And lo and behold! my arm goes up when it strikes 5.” And this “lo and behold!” is precisely what    doesn’t belong here. I do not say “Look, my arm is going up!” when I raise it. 
628. So one might say: voluntary movement is marked by the absence of surprise. And now I don’t mean you to ask “But why isn’t one surprised here?” 
629. When  people  talk  about  the  possibility  of  foreknowledge  of  the future,  they  always  overlook  the  case  of  predicting  one’s  voluntary  movements. 
630. Consider these two language-games:  (a) Someone gives someone else the order to make particular movements with his arm, or to assume particular bodily positions (gymnastics instructor and pupil). And a variant of this language-game is this: the pupil gives himself orders and then carries them out.  (b)  Someone  observes  certain  regular  processes  a for  example,  the reactions  of  different  metals  to  acids  a and  thereupon  makes  predictions about the reactions that will occur in certain cases.  There is an evident kinship between these two language-games, and also  a  fundamental  difference.  In  both,  one  might  call  the  spoken words “predictions”. But compare the training which leads to the ﬁrst technique with the training for the second one! |163| 
631. “I’m going to take two powders now, and in half an hour I shall be  sick.”  a It  explains  nothing  to  say  that  in  the  ﬁrst  case  I  am  the agent, in the second merely the observer. Or that in the ﬁrst case I see the causal connection from inside, in the second from outside. And much else to the same effect.  Nor is it to the point to say that a prediction of the ﬁrst kind is no  more infallible than one of the second kind.  It wasn’t on the basis of observations of my behaviour that I said I was going to take two powders. The antecedents of this statement were different. I mean the thoughts, actions, and so on which led up to it. And it can only be misleading to say: “The only essential presupposition of your utterance was precisely your decision.” 
632. I do not want to say that in the case of the expression of intention “I am going to take two powders” the prediction is a cause a and its fulﬁlment the effect. (Perhaps a physiological investigation could determine this.) So much, however, is true: we can often predict a man’s actions from his expression of a decision. An important language-game.   
633. “You were interrupted a while ago; do you still know what you were going to say?” a If I do know now, and say it, does that mean that I had already thought it before, only not said it? No. Unless you take the certainty with which I continue the interrupted sentence as a criterion of the thought’s already having been completed at that time. a But, to be sure, the situation and the thoughts I had already contain all sorts of things to help the sentence on. 
634. When  I  continue  the  interrupted  sentence  and  say  that  this was how  I  had  been  going  to  continue  it,  this  is  similar  to  elaborating  a train of thought from brief notes.  Then  don’t  I  interpret  the  notes?  Was  only  one  continuation  possible in these circumstances? Of course not. But I didn’t choose between these interpretations. I remembered that I was going to say this. 
635. “I  was  going  to  say . . .”  a You  remember  various  details.  But  not even all of them together show this intention. It is as if a snapshot of a scene had been taken, but only a few scattered details of it were to  be  seen:  here  a  hand,  there  a  bit  of  a  face,  or  a  hat  a the  rest  is dark. And now it is as if I knew quite certainly what the whole picture represented. As if I could read the darkness. |164| 
636. These  ‘details’  are  not  irrelevant  in  the  sense  in  which  other  circumstances,  which  I  can  also  remember,  are  irrelevant.  But  if  I  tell someone “For a moment I was going to say . . .”, he doesn’t learn those details  from  this,  nor  need  he  guess  them.  He  needn’t  know,  for instance, that I had already opened my mouth to speak. But he can ‘ﬁll out the picture’ in this way. (And this ability is part of understanding what I tell him.) 
637. “I know exactly what I was going to say!” And yet I didn’t say it. a And yet I don’t read it off from some other process which took place then and which I remember.  Nor am I interpreting that situation and its antecedents, which, after  all, I neither consider nor judge. 
638. How  does  it  come  about  that,  in  spite  of  this,  I  am  inclined  to  see an interpretation in saying “For a moment I was going to deceive him”?  “How can you be certain that, for a moment, you were going to deceive  him? Weren’t your actions and thoughts much too rudimentary?”    For  may  the  evidence  not  be  too  scanty?  Yes,  when  one  follows  it up, it seems extraordinarily scanty; but isn’t this because one is taking no  account  of  the  background  of  this  evidence?  If,  for  a  moment,  I intended  to  pretend  to  someone  that  I  was  unwell,  that  required  an antecedent context.  If someone says “For a moment . . .”, is he really only describing a  momentary process?  But not even the entire background was my evidence for saying “For  a moment . . .”   
639. Meaning  something,  one  wants  to  say,  develops.  But  there  is  a  mistake in this too. 
640. “This thought links up with thoughts which I have had before.” a How does it do so? Through a feeling of such a link? But how can a feeling really link these thoughts? a The word “feeling” is very misleading here. But it is sometimes possible to say with certainty, “This thought is connected with those earlier ones”, even though one is unable to point out the connection. Perhaps one will succeed later. 
641. “Even if I had uttered the words ‘Now I’m going to deceive him’, my  intention  would  have  been  no  more  certain  than  it  already  was.” a But if you had uttered those words, would you necessarily have meant them seriously? (So |165| the most explicit expression of intention is by itself insufﬁcient evidence of intention.) 
642. “At that moment I hated him.” a What happened here? Didn’t it consist in thoughts, feelings and actions? And if I were to rehearse that moment to myself, I’d assume a particular expression, think of certain happenings,  breathe  in  a  particular  way,  arouse  certain  feelings  in myself.  I  might  think  up  a  conversation,  a  whole  scene  in  which  that hatred ﬂared up. And I might act this scene with feelings approximating  those  of  a  real  incident.  That  I  have  actually  been  through  something of the sort will naturally help me to do so. 
643. If  I  now  become  ashamed  of  this  incident,  I  am  ashamed  of  the whole thing: of the words, of the poisonous tone, and so on. 
644. “I’m not ashamed of what I did then, but of the intention which I had.” a And didn’t the intention lie also in what I did? What justiﬁes the shame? The whole background of the incident.   
645. “For  a  moment  I  was  going  to . . .”  That  is,  I  had  a  particular feeling, an inner experience; and I remember it. —– And now remember quite precisely! Then the ‘inner experience’ of intending seems to vanish again. Instead, one remembers thoughts, feelings, movements and also connections with earlier situations.  It  is  as  if  one  had  altered  the  adjustment  of  a  microscope:  one  did  not see before what is now in focus. 
646. “Well,  that  only  shows  that  you  have  adjusted  your  microscope wrongly. You were supposed to examine a particular slice of the preparation, and now you are looking at a different one.”  There is something right about this. But suppose that (with a certain adjustment  of  the  lenses)  I  did  remember  a  particular  sensation;  what allows me to say that it is what I call the “intention”? It might be that (for example) a particular tickle accompanied every one of my intentions. 
647. What is the natural expression of an intention? a Look at a cat when it stalks a bird; or a beast when it wants to escape.  ( (Connection with propositions about sensations.) ) 
648. “I no longer remember the words I used, but I remember my intention precisely; I wanted my words to calm him down.” What does my memory show me; what does it bring before my mind? Suppose it did |166| nothing but suggest those words to me! a and perhaps others which ﬁll out the picture still more exactly. a (“I don’t remember my words any more, but I certainly remember their spirit.”) 
649. “So if someone has not learned a language, is he unable to have certain  memories?”  Of  course  a he  cannot  have  linguistic  memories, linguistic wishes or fears, and so on. And memories and suchlike in language are not mere threadbare representations of the real experiences; for is what is linguistic not an experience? 
650. We  say  a  dog  is  afraid  his  master  will  beat  him;  but  not:  he  is afraid his master will beat him tomorrow. Why not? 
651. “I  remember  that  I  would  have  been  glad  then  to  stay  still longer.” a What picture of this desire comes before my mind? None at all. What I see in my memory allows no conclusion as to my feelings. And yet I remember quite clearly that they were there.   
652. “He sized him up with a hostile glance and said . . .” The reader of the story understands this; he has no doubt in his mind. Now you say:  “Very  well,  he  supplies  the  meaning,  he  guesses  it.”  a Generally speaking, no. Generally speaking, he supplies nothing, guesses nothing. a But it is also possible that the hostile glance and the words later prove to have been pretence, or that the reader is kept in doubt whether they are so or not, and so that he really does guess at a possible interpretation. a But then the main thing he guesses is a context. He says to himself, for example: the two men affecting such hostility here are in reality friends, and so forth.  ( (“If you want to understand the sentence, you have to imagine the  psychological signiﬁcance, the states of mind involved.”) ) 
653. Imagine this case: I tell someone that I walked a certain route, going by a map which I had prepared beforehand. Thereupon I show him the map, and it consists of lines on a piece of paper; but I cannot explain how these lines come to be a map of my route, I cannot tell him any rule for interpreting the map. Yet I did follow the drawing with all the characteristic tokens of reading a map. I might call such a drawing a ‘private’ map; or the phenomenon that I have described, “following a private  map”.  (But  this  expression  would,  of  course,  be  very  easy  to misunderstand.)  Could I now say: “I read off my having then meant to do such-and|167| such,  as  if  from  a  map,  although  there  is  no  map”?  That,  however,  means  nothing  but:  I  am  now  inclined  to  say  “I  read  the  intention of acting thus in certain states of mind which I remember”.   
654. Our mistake is to look for an explanation where we ought to regard the facts as ‘proto-phenomena’. That is, where we ought to say: this is the language-game that is being played. 
655. The point is not to explain a language-game by means of our experiences, but to take account of a language-game. 
656. What is the purpose of telling someone that previously I had suchand-such  a  wish?  a Regard  the  language-game  as  the  primary  thing. And  regard  the  feelings,  and  so  forth,  as  a  way  of  looking  at,  interpreting, the language-game!  One might ask: how did human beings ever come to make the kind of linguistic utterance which we call “reporting a past wish” or “a past intention”?   
657. Suppose this sort of utterance always took the form “I said to myself, ‘if only I could stay longer!’ ” The purpose of such a report might be to  acquaint  someone  with  my  reactions.  (Compare  the  grammar  of “mean” and “vouloir dire”.) 
658. Suppose  we  always  expressed  the  fact  that  a  man  had  an  intention by saying “He as it were said to himself ‘I will . . .’ ” a That is the picture.  And  now  I  want  to  know:  how  does  one  employ  the  expression “as it were to say something to oneself”? For it doesn’t mean: to say something to oneself. 
659. Why do I want to tell him about an intention too, over and above telling him what I did? a Not because the intention too was something going on at that time. But because I want to tell him something about myself, which goes beyond what happened at that time.  I reveal to him something of myself when I tell him what I was going to do. a Not, however, on grounds of self-observation, but by way of a reaction (it might also be called an intuition). 
660. The grammar of the expression “I was then going to say . . .” is related to that of the expression “I could then have gone on”.  In  the  one  case  I  remember  an  intention,  in  the  other  I  remember  having understood. |168| 
661. I remember having meant him. Am I remembering a process or a state? a When did it begin, how did it continue; and so on? 
662. In an only slightly different situation, instead of silently beckoning, he would have said to someone “Tell N. to come to me”. One may now say that the words “I wanted N. to come to me” describe the state of my mind at that time; and again one may not say so. 
663. If  I  say  “I  meant  him”,  a  picture  might  come  to  my  mind,  perhaps of how I looked at him, and so forth; but the picture is only like an illustration to a story. From it alone, it would mostly be impossible to infer anything at all; only when one knows the story, does one know what the picture is for. 
664. In the use of words, one might distinguish ‘surface grammar’ from ‘depth grammar’. What immediately impresses itself upon us about the    use of a word is the way it is used in the sentence structure, the part of its use a one might say a that can be taken in by the ear. —– And now compare the depth grammar, say of the verb “to mean”, with what its  surface  grammar  would  lead  us  to  presume.  No  wonder  one  ﬁnds it difﬁcult to know one’s way about. 
665. Imagine someone pointing to his cheek with a grimace of pain and saying  “abracadabra!”  a We  ask,  “What  do  you  mean?”  And  he answers,  “I  meant  toothache.”  a You  at  once  think  to  yourself:  how can one ‘mean toothache’ by that word? Or, what did to mean pain by that word amount to? And yet, in a different context, you would have asserted that the mental activity of meaning such-and-such was just what was most important in using language.  But how come? a can’t I say “By ‘abracadabra’, I mean toothache”? Of course I can; but this is a deﬁnition, not a description of what goes on in me when I utter the word. 
666. Imagine that you were in pain and were simultaneously hearing a piano being tuned in the next room. You say “It’ll soon stop”. It surely makes  quite  a  difference  whether  you  mean  the  pain  or  the  pianotuning! a Of course; but what does this difference consist in? I admit, in  many  cases  some  direction  of  attention  will  correspond  to  your  meaning one thing or another, just as a look often does, or a gesture, or  a  way  of  shutting  one’s  eyes  which  might  be  called  “looking  into oneself”. |169| 
667. Imagine someone simulating pain, and then saying “It’ll get better soon”. Can’t one say that he means the pain even though he is not concentrating his attention on any pain? a And what about when I ﬁnally say “It’s stopped now”? 
668. But  can’t  one  also  lie  in  this  way:  one  says  “It’ll  stop  soon”,  and  means  pain  a but  when  asked  “What  did  you  mean?”,  one answers  “The  noise  in  the  next  room”?  In  this  sort  of  case,  one  perhaps  says:  “I  was  going  to  answer . . . ,  but  thought  better  of  it  and answered . . .” 
669. When speaking, one can refer to an object by pointing at it. Here pointing is a part of the language-game. And now it seems to us as if one spoke of a sensation by directing one’s attention to it. But where is the analogy? It evidently lies in the fact that one can point at a thing by looking or listening.    But  in  certain  circumstances,  even  pointing  at  the  object  one  is  talking about may be quite inessential to the language-game, to one’s thought. 
670. Imagine that you were telephoning someone, and you said to him, “This  table  is  too  tall”,  and  pointed  at  the  table.  What  is  the  role  of pointing here? Can I say: I mean the table in question by pointing at it? What is this pointing for, or these words, or whatever else may accompany them? 
671. And what do I point at by the inner activity of listening? At the sound that comes to my ears, and at the silence when I hear nothing? Listening, as it were, searches for an auditory impression, and so can’t  point at it, but only at the place where it is searching for it. 
672. If the receptive attitude is called a kind of ‘pointing’ at something a then it isn’t at the impression we get in that way. 
673. A  mental  attitude  doesn’t  ‘accompany’  words  in  the  sense  in which  a  gesture  accompanies  them.  (As  a  man  can  travel  alone,  and yet  be  accompanied  by  my  good  wishes;  or  as  a  room  can  be  empty, and yet ﬂooded with light.) 
674. Does one say, for example, “I didn’t really mean my pain just now; my mind wasn’t on it enough for that?” Do I ask myself, say, “What did I mean by this word just now? My attention was divided between my pain and the noise a”? |170| 
675. “Tell me, what was going on in you when you uttered the words
. . . ?” a The answer to this is not “I was meaning . . .”! 
676. “I meant this by that word” is a statement which is used differently from one about an affection of the mind. 
677. On the other hand: “When you were swearing just now, did you really mean it?” This amounts to something like: “Were you really angry?” a And the answer may be given on the basis of introspection, and is often some such thing as “I didn’t mean it very seriously”, “I meant it half jokingly”, and so on. There are differences of degree here.  And  one  does  indeed  also  say,  “I  was  half  thinking  of  him  when   I said that”.   
678. What does this meaning (the pain, or the piano-tuning) consist in? No answer comes a for the answers which at ﬁrst sight suggest themselves are of no use. a “And yet at the time I meant the one thing and not the other.” Yes a now you have only repeated with emphasis something which no one has contradicted anyway. 
679. “But can you doubt that you meant this?” a No; but neither can I be certain of it, know it. 
680. When you tell me that you cursed and meant N. as you did so, it is all one to me whether you looked at a picture of him, or imagined him, uttered his name, or whatever. The inferences from this fact that interest me have nothing to do with these things. On the other hand, someone  might  explain  to  me  that  cursing  was  effective only  when  one had a clear image of the man or spoke his name out loud. But one wouldn’t  say,  “It  depends  on  how  the  man  who  is  cursing means his victim”. 
681. Nor, of course, does one ask: “Are you sure that you cursed him, that the link with him was established?”  Then this link is presumably very easy to establish, if one can be so sure of it, can know that it doesn’t miss its target! a Well, can it happen to me that I intend to write to one person and in fact write to another? And how might that occur? 
682. “You said, ‘It’ll stop soon’. a Were you thinking of the noise or of your pain?” If he answers, “I was thinking of the piano-tuning” a is he stating that the link existed, or is he making it by means |171| of these words? a Can’t I say both? If what he said was true, didn’t the link exist a and is he not for all that making one which did not exist? 
683. I draw a head. You ask, “Whom is that supposed to represent?” a I:  “It’s  supposed  to  be  N.”  a You:  “But  it  doesn’t  look  like  him;  if anything, it’s rather like M.” a When I said it represented N., was I making a connection, or reporting one? And what connection was there? 
684. What is there in favour of saying that my words describe an existing connection? Well, they refer to various things which didn’t materialize only with the words; they say, for example, that I would have given a particular answer then, if I had been asked. And even if this is only conditional, still it does say something about the past.   
685. “Look for A” does not mean “Look for B”; but I may do just the same thing in obeying the two orders.  To say that something different must happen in the two cases would be like saying that the sentences “Today is my birthday” and “My birthday is on April 26th” must refer to different days, because their sense is not the same. 
686. “Of course I meant B; I didn’t think of A at all!”  “I wanted B to come to me, so as to . . .” a All this points to a wider  context. 
687. Instead of “I meant him”, one can, of course, sometimes say, “I thought of him”; sometimes even “Yes, we were speaking of him”. So, ask yourself what ‘speaking of him’ consists in! 
688. In certain circumstances, one can say, “As I was speaking, I felt I was saying it to you”. But I wouldn’t say this if I were in any case talking with you. 
689. “I am thinking of N.” “I am speaking of N.”  How do I speak of him? I say, for instance, “I must go and see N. today” —– But surely that is not enough! After all, when I say “N.”, I might mean various people of this name. a “Then there must surely be a further link between my words and N., for otherwise I would still not have meant him.”  Certainly such a link exists. Only not as you imagine it: namely, by  means of a mental mechanism.  (One compares “meaning him” with “aiming at him”.) |172| 
690. What  if  I  at  one  time  make  an  apparently  innocent  remark  and accompany it with a furtive sidelong glance at someone; and at another time, looking straight ahead, speak openly of somebody present, mentioning his name a am I really thinking specially about him when I use his name? 
691. When I make myself a sketch of N.’s face from memory, I can surely be said to mean him by my drawing. But which of the processes taking place while I draw (or before or afterwards) could I say is meaning him? For one would, of course, like to say: when he meant him, he aimed at  him.  But  how  does  someone  do  that,  when  he  calls  the  other  person’s face to mind?    I mean, how does he call him to mind? How does he call him? 
692. Is it correct for someone to say: “When I gave you this rule, I meant that in this case you should . . .”? Even if he did not think of this case at all as he gave the rule? Of course it is correct. For “to mean it” just did not mean: to think of it. But now the question is: How are we to judge  whether  someone  meant  such-and-such?  a That  he  has,  for example, mastered a particular technique in arithmetic and algebra, and taught someone else the expansion of a series in the usual way, is such a criterion. 
693. “When  I  teach  someone  the  construction  of  the  series . . . ,  I surely  mean  him  to  write . . . at  the  hundredth  place.”  a Quite  right; you mean it. And evidently without necessarily even thinking of it. This shows you how different the grammar of the verb “to mean something” is from that of the verb “to think”. And nothing is more wrong-headed than to call meaning something a mental activity! Unless, that is, one is setting out to produce confusion. (Similarly, one might speak of an activity  of  butter  when  it  rises  in  price;  and  if  no  problems  are  produced by this, it is harmless.) |173|