1. Cum ipsi (majores homines) appellabant rem aliquam, et cumsecundum eam vocem corpus ad aliquid movebant, videbam, ettenebam hoc ab eis vocari rem illam, quod sonabant, cum eam vellentostendere. Hoc autem eos velle ex motu corporis aperiebatur:tamquam verbis naturalibus omnium gentium, quae ﬁunt vultu et nutuoculorum, ceterorumque membrorum actu, et sonitu vocis indicante affectionem animi in petendis, habendis, rejiciendis, fugiendisve rebus.Ita verba in variis sententiis locis suis posita, et crebro audita, quarumrerum signa essent, paulatim colligebam, measque jam voluntates,edomito in eis signis ore, per haec enuntiabam. (Augustine, Con-fessions, I. 8.)When grown-ups named some object and at the same time turnedtowards it, I perceived this, and I grasped that the thing was signiﬁedby the sound they uttered, since they meant to point it out. This, how-ever, I gathered from their gestures, the natural language of all peoples,the language that by means of facial expression and the play of eyes,of the movements of the limbs and the tone of voice, indicates the affec-tions of the soul when it desires, or clings to, or rejects, or recoils from,something. In this way, little by little, I learnt to understand what thingsthe words, which I heard uttered in their respective places in varioussentences, signiﬁed. And once I got my tongue around these signs, Iused them to express my wishes.These words, it seems to me, give us a particular picture of the essenceof human language. It is this: the words in language name objects asentences are combinations of such names. —– In this picture of lan-guage we ﬁnd the roots of the following idea: Every word has a mean-ing. This meaning is correlated with the word. It is the object for whichthe word stands.Augustine does not mention any difference between kinds of word.Someone who describes the learning of language in this way is, Ibelieve, thinking primarily of nouns like “table”, “chair”, “bread”, andof people’s names, and only secondarily of the names of certain actionsand properties; and of the remaining kinds of word as something thatwill take care of itself.Now think of the following use of language: I send someone shop-ping. I give him a slip of paper marked “ﬁve red apples”. He takes theslip to |3| the shopkeeper, who opens the drawer marked “apples”; thenhe looks up the word “red” in a chart and ﬁnds a colour sample nextto it; then he says the series of elementary number-words a I assumethat he knows them by heart a up to the word “ﬁve”, and for eachnumber-word he takes an apple of the same colour as the sample outof the drawer. —– It is in this and similar ways that one operates withwords. —– “But how does he know where and how he is to look upthe word ‘red’ and what he is to do with the word ‘ﬁve’?” —– Well, Iassume that he acts as I have described. Explanations come to an endsomewhere. a But what is the meaning of the word “ﬁve”? a No suchthing was in question here, only how the word “ﬁve” is used.
2. That philosophical notion of meaning is at home in a primitive ideaof the way language functions. But one might instead say that it is theidea of a language more primitive than ours.Let us imagine a language for which the description given byAugustine is right: the language is meant to serve for communicationbetween a builder A and an assistant B. A is building with building stones:there are blocks, pillars, slabs and beams. B has to pass him the stonesand to do so in the order in which A needs them. For this purpose theymake use of a language consisting of the words “block”, “pillar”, “slab”,“beam”. A calls them out; B brings the stone which he has learnt tobring at such-and-such a call. —– Conceive of this as a complete prim-itive language.
3. Augustine, we might say, does describe a system of communication;only not everything that we call language is this system. And one hasto say this in several cases where the question arises “Will that descrip-tion do or not?” The answer is: “Yes, it will, but only for this narrowlycircumscribed area, not for the whole of what you were purporting todescribe.”It is as if someone were to say, “Playing a game consists in movingobjects about on a surface according to certain rules . . .” a and wereplied: You seem to be thinking of board-games, but they are not allthe games there are. You can rectify your explanation by expressly restrict-ing it to those games.
4. Imagine a script in which letters were used for sounds, but also forsigns of emphasis and punctuation. (A script can be conceived as a lan-guage for describing sound-patterns.) Now imagine someone constru-ing that script as if there were just a |4| correspondence of letters tosounds and as if the letters did not also have completely different func-tions. Augustine’s conception of language is like such an over-simpleconception of the script.
5. If one looks at the example in §1, one can perhaps get an idea ofhow much the general concept of the meaning of a word surrounds theworking of language with a haze which makes clear vision impossible.a It disperses the fog if we study the phenomena of language in prim-itive kinds of use in which one can clearly survey the purpose and func-tioning of the words.A child uses such primitive forms of language when he learns to talk.Here the teaching of language is not explaining, but training.
6. We could imagine that the language of §2 was the whole languageof A and B, even the whole language of a tribe. The children are broughtup to perform these actions, to use these words as they do so, and toreact in this way to the words of others.An important part of the training will consist in the teacher’s point-ing to the objects, directing the child’s attention to them, and at thesame time uttering a word; for instance, the word “slab” as he displaysthat shape. (I do not want to call this “ostensive explanation” or“deﬁnition”, because the child cannot as yet ask what the name is. I’llcall it “ostensive teaching of words”. —– I say that it will form an impor-tant part of the training, because it is so with human beings; not becauseit could not be imagined otherwise.) This ostensive teaching of wordscan be said to establish an associative connection between word andthing. But what does this mean? Well, it may mean various things; butone very likely thinks ﬁrst of all that a picture of the object comes beforethe child’s mind when it hears the word. But now, if this does happena is it the purpose of the word? a Yes, it may be the purpose. a I can imagine such a use of words (of sequences of sounds). (Uttering aword is like striking a note on the keyboard of the imagination.) But in the language of §2 it is not the purpose of the words to evokeimages. (It may, of course, be discovered that it helps to attain the actualpurpose.)But if this is the effect of the ostensive teaching, am I to say that iteffects an understanding of the word? Doesn’t someone who acts onthe call “Slab!” in such-and-such a way understand it? a No doubt itwas the ostensive teaching that helped to bring this about; but onlytogether with a particular |5| kind of instruction. With different instruc-tion the same ostensive teaching of these words would have effected aquite different understanding.“I set the brake up by connecting up rod and lever.” a Yes, giventhe whole of the rest of the mechanism. Only in conjunction with thatis it a brake-lever, and separated from its support it is not even a lever;it may be anything, or nothing.
7. In the practice of the use of language (2) one party calls out the words,the other acts on them. However, in instruction in the language the fol-lowing process will occur: the learner names the objects; that is, he uttersthe word when the teacher points at the stone. a Indeed, there will bean even simpler exercise: the pupil repeats the words after the teacher—– both of these being speech-like processes.We can also think of the whole process of using words in (2) as oneof those games by means of which children learn their native language.I will call these games “language-games” and will sometimes speak ofa primitive language as a language-game.And the processes of naming the stones and of repeating words aftersomeone might also be called language-games. Think of certain uses thatare made of words in games like ring-a-ring-a-roses.I shall also call the whole, consisting of language and the activitiesinto which it is woven, a “language-game”.
8. Let us now look at an expansion of language (2). Besides the fourwords “block”, “pillar”, etc., let it contain a sequence of words usedas the shopkeeper in (1) uses number-words (it may be the series of let-ters of the alphabet); further, let it contain two words which may aswell be “there” and “this” (because that roughly indicates their pur-pose), which are used in connection with a pointing gesture; and ﬁnallya number of colour samples. A gives an order like “d–slab–there”. Atthe same time he shows the assistant a colour sample, and when heutters the word “there” he points to a place on the building site. Fromthe stock of slabs, B takes one for each letter of the alphabet up to “d”,of the same colour as the sample, and brings them to the place A indi-cates. a On other occasions A gives the order “this-there”. At “this”he points at a building stone. And so on.
9. When a child learns this language, he has to learn the series of number-words a, b, c, . . . by heart. And he has to learn their use. aWill this training include ostensive teaching of the words? a Well, people |6| will, for example, point to slabs and count: “a, b, c slabs”.a Something more like the ostensive teaching of the words “block”,“pillar”, etc. would be the ostensive teaching of number-words that servenot to count but to signify groups of objects that can be taken in at a glance. Children do learn the use of the ﬁrst ﬁve or six elementarynumber-words in this way.Are “there” and “this” also taught ostensively? a Imagine how onemight perhaps teach their use. One will point at places and things, butin this case the pointing occurs in the use of the words too and notmerely in learning the use. a
10. Now what do the words of this language signify? a How is whatthey signify supposed to come out other than in the kind of use theyhave? And we have already described that. So the expression “This word signiﬁes that” would have to become a part of our description.In other words, the description ought to take the form: “The word. . . signiﬁes . . .”Well, one can abbreviate the description of the use of the word “slab”by saying that this word signiﬁes this object. This will be done if, forexample, it is merely a matter of removing the misunderstanding thatthe word “slab” refers to the building stone that we in fact call“block” a but the kind of ‘referring’ this is, that is to say, the rest ofthe use of these words, is already known.Equally one may say that the signs “a”, “b”, etc. signify numbers:when, for example, this removes the misunderstanding that “a”, “b”, “c” play the part actually played in the language by “block”, “slab”, “pillar”. And one may also say that “c” signiﬁes this numberand not that one; if, for example, this serves to explain that the lettersare to be used in the order a, b, c, d, etc., and not in the order a, b, d, c.But making the descriptions of the uses of these words similar in thisway cannot make the uses themselves any more like one another! For,as we see, they are absolutely unlike.
11. Think of the tools in a toolbox: there is a hammer, pliers, a saw, ascrewdriver, a rule, a glue-pot, glue, nails and screws. a The functionsof words are as diverse as the functions of these objects. (And in bothcases there are similarities.)Of course, what confuses us is the uniform appearance of words whenwe hear them in speech, or see them written or in print. For their useis not that obvious. Especially when we are doing philosophy! |7|
12. It is like looking into the cabin of a locomotive. There are handlesthere, all looking more or less alike. (This stands to reason, since they are all supposed to be handled.) But one is the handle of a crank, which can be moved continuously (it regulates the opening of a valve); another is the handle of a switch, which has only two opera-tive positions: it is either off or on; a third is the handle of a brake-lever, the harder one pulls on it, the harder the braking; a fourth, the handle of a pump: it has an effect only so long as it is moved toand fro.
13. If we say, “Every word in the language signiﬁes something”, we haveso far said nothing whatever; unless we explain exactly what dis-tinction we wish to make. (It might be, of course, that we wanted todistinguish the words of language (8) from words ‘without meaning’such as occur in Lewis Carroll’s poems, or words like “Tra-la-la” in asong.)
14. Suppose someone said, “All tools serve to modify something. So,a hammer modiﬁes the position of a nail, a saw the shape of a board,and so on.” a And what is modiﬁed by a rule, a glue-pot and nails?a “Our knowledge of a thing’s length, the temperature of the glue, andthe solidity of a box.” —– Would anything be gained by this assimila-tion of expressions? a
15. The word “signify” is perhaps most straightforwardly applied whenthe name is actually a mark on the object signiﬁed. Suppose that the toolsA uses in building bear certain marks. When A shows his assistant sucha mark, the assistant brings the tool that has that mark on it.In this way, and in more or less similar ways, a name signiﬁes a thing,and is given to a thing. a When philosophizing, it will often prove use-ful to say to ourselves: naming something is rather like attaching a nametag to a thing.
16. What about the colour samples that A shows to B: are they partof the language? Well, it is as you please. They do not belong to spoken language; yet when I say to someone, “Pronounce the word ‘the’ ”,you will also count the second “ ‘the’ ” as part of the sentence. Yet ithas a role just like that of a colour sample in language-game (8); thatis, it is a sample of what the other is meant to say.It is most natural, and causes least confusion, if we count the sam-ples as tools of the language.( (Remark on the reﬂexive pronoun “this proposition”.) ) |8|
17. We could say: In language (8) we have different kinds of word. For the functions of the word “slab” and the word “block” are morealike than those of “slab” and “d”. But how we group words into kinds will depend on the aim of the classiﬁcation a and on our owninclination.Think of the different points of view according to which one can classify tools into kinds of tools. Or chess pieces into kinds of chesspieces.
18. Don’t let it bother you that languages (2) and (8) consist only oforders. If you want to say that they are therefore incomplete, ask your-self whether our own language is complete a whether it was so beforethe symbolism of chemistry and the notation of the inﬁnitesimal cal-culus were incorporated in to it; for these are, so to speak, suburbs ofour language. (And how many houses or streets does it take before atown begins to be a town?) Our language can be regarded as anancient city: a maze of little streets and squares, of old and new houses,of houses with extensions from various periods, and all this sur-rounded by a multitude of new suburbs with straight and regularstreets and uniform houses.
19. It is easy to imagine a language consisting only of orders and reportsin battle. a Or a language consisting only of questions and expressionsfor answering Yes and No a and countless other things. —– And toimagine a language means to imagine a form of life.But what about this: is the call “Slab!” in example (2) a sentence ora word? a If a word, surely it has not the same meaning as the like-sounding word of our ordinary language, for in §2 it is a call. But if asentence, it is surely not the elliptical sentence “Slab!” of our language.—– As far as the ﬁrst question goes, you can call “Slab!” a word andalso a sentence; perhaps it could aptly be called a ‘degenerate sentence’(as one speaks of a degenerate hyperbola); in fact it is our ‘elliptical’sentence. a But that is surely only a shortened form of the sentence“Bring me a slab”, and there is no such sentence in example (2). a Butwhy shouldn’t I conversely have called the sentence “Bring me a slab”a lengthening of the sentence “Slab!”? a Because anyone who calls out“Slab!” really means “Bring me a slab”. a But how do you do this:how do you mean that while saying “Slab!”? Do you say the unshort-ened sentence to yourself? And why should I translate the call “Slab!”into a different expression in order to say |9| what someone means byit? And if they mean the same thing, why shouldn’t I say, “When hesays ‘Slab!’ he means ‘Slab!’ ”? Again, why shouldn’t you be able tomean “Slab!”, if you can mean “Bring me the slab!”? —– But when Icall out “Slab!”, then what I want is that he should bring me a slab!—– Certainly, but does ‘wanting this’ consist in thinking in some formor other a different sentence from the one you utter? a
20. But now it looks as if when someone says “Bring me a slab”, hecould mean this expression as one long word corresponding indeed tothe single word “Slab!” —– Then can one mean it sometimes as oneword, and sometimes as four? And how does one usually mean it? —– I think we’ll be inclined to say: we mean the sentence as one consisting of four words when we use it in contrast to other sentencessuch as “Hand me a slab”, “Bring him a slab”, “Bring two slabs”, etc.;that is, in contrast with sentences containing the words of our com-mand in other combinations. —– But what does using one sentence incontrast to others consist in? Does one have the others in mind at thesame time? All of them? And while one is saying the one sentence, orbefore, or afterwards? a No! Even if such an explanation rather temptsus, we need only think for a moment of what actually happens in orderto see that we are on the wrong track here. We say that we use thecommand in contrast with other sentences because our language con-tains the possibility of those other sentences. Someone who did not under-stand our language, a foreigner, who had fairly often heard someonegiving the order “Bring me a slab!”, might believe that this whole sequenceof sounds was one word corresponding perhaps to the word for“building stone” in his language. If he himself had then given this order,perhaps he would have pronounced it differently, and we’d say: he pro-nounces it so oddly because he takes it for a single word. —– But then is there not also something different going on in him when he pro-nounces it a something corresponding to the fact that he conceives thesentence as a single word? —– The same thing may go on in him, orsomething different. What goes on in you when you give such an order? Are you conscious of its consisting of four words while you areuttering it? Of course you know this language a which contains thoseother sentences as well a but is this knowing something that ‘happens’ while you are uttering the sentence? a And I have conceded that theforeigner, who conceives the sentence differently, will probably also pro-nounce it differently; but what we call his wrong conception does not have to lie in anything that accompanies the utterance of the command. |10|The sentence is ‘elliptical’, not because it leaves out something thatwe mean when we utter it, but because it is shortened a in compari-son with a particular paradigm of our grammar. a Of course someonemight object here: “You grant that the shortened and the unshortenedsentence have the same sense. a What is this sense, then? Isn’t there averbal expression for this sense?” —– But doesn’t their having the samesense consist in their having the same use? a (In Russian one says “Stonered” instead of “The stone is red”. Does the sense they grasp lack thecopula? Or do they add the copula in thought?)
21. Imagine a language-game in which A asks, and B reports, the num-ber of slabs or blocks in a pile, or the colours and shapes of the build-ing stones that are stacked in such-and-such a place. a Such a reportmight run: “Five slabs.” Now what is the difference between the reportor assertion “Five slabs” and the order “Five slabs!”? a Well, it is thepart which uttering these words plays in the language-game. But thetone of voice in which they are uttered is likely to be different too, asare the facial expression and some other things. But we could also ima-gine the tone’s being the same a for an order and a report can be spoken in a variety of tones of voice and with various facial expressionsa the difference being only in the use that is made of these words. (Ofcourse, we might also use the words “assertion” and “command” tosignify a grammatical form of a sentence and a particular intonation;just as we would call the sentence “Isn’t the weather glorious to-day?”a question, although it is used as an assertion.) We could imagine a lan-guage in which all assertions had the form and tone of rhetorical ques-tions; or every command had the form of the question “Would you liketo . . . ?”. Perhaps it will then be said: “What he says has the form ofa question but is really a command” a that is, has the function of acommand in linguistic practice. (Similarly, one says “You will do this”not as a prophecy, but as a command. What makes it the one or theother?)
22. Frege’s opinion that every assertion contains an assumption, whichis the thing that is asserted, really rests on the possibility, found in ourlanguage, of writing every assertoric sentence in the form “It is assertedthat such-and-such is the case”. a But “that such-and-such is the case”is not a sentence in our language a it is not yet a move in the language-game. And if I write, not “It is asserted that . . .”, but “It is asserted:such-and-such is the case”, the words “It is asserted” simply becomesuperﬂuous.We might very well also write every assertion in the form of a |11|question followed by an afﬁrmative expression; for instance, “Is it raining? Yes!” Would this show that every assertion contained a question?Of course, one has the right to use an assertion sign in contrast witha question-mark: for example, or if one wants to distinguish an asser-tion from a ﬁction or an assumption. It is a mistake only if one thinksthat the assertion consists of two acts, entertaining and asserting(assigning a truth-value, or something of the kind), and that in performingthese acts we follow the sentence sign by sign roughly as we sing fromsheet music. Reading the written sentence loudly or softly is indeed com-parable to singing from sheet music, but ‘meaning’ (thinking) the sen-tence that is read is not.The Fregean assertion sign marks the beginning of a sentence. So itsfunction is like that of the full stop. It distinguishes the whole periodfrom a clause within the period. If I hear someone say “it’s raining”,but do not know whether I have heard the beginning and end of theperiod, then so far this sentence fails to convey anything to me.Imagine a picture representing a boxer in a particular ﬁghting stance.Well, this picture can be used to tell someone how he should stand,should hold himself; or how he should not hold himself; or howa particular man did stand in such-and-such a place; and so on.One might (using the language of chemistry) call this picture asentence-radical. Frege probably conceived of the “assumption”along these lines. |p. 11 n.|
23. But how many kinds of sentence are there? Say assertion, questionand command? a There are countless kinds; countless different kindsof use of all the things we call “signs”, “words”, “sentences”. And thisdiversity is not something ﬁxed, given once for all; but new types oflanguage, new language-games, as we may say, come into existence, andothers become obsolete and get forgotten. (We can get a rough pictureof this from the changes in mathematics.)The word “language-game” is used here to emphasize the fact thatthe speaking of language is part of an activity, or of a form of life.Consider the variety of language-games in the following examples,and in others:Giving orders, and acting on them aDescribing an object by its appearance, or by its measurements aConstructing an object from a description (a drawing) aReporting an event aSpeculating about the event a |12|Forming and testing a hypothesis aPresenting the results of an experiment in tables and diagrams aMaking up a story; and reading one aActing in a play aSinging rounds aGuessing riddles aCracking a joke; telling one aSolving a problem in applied arithmetic aTranslating from one language into another aRequesting, thanking, cursing, greeting, praying.a It is interesting to compare the diversity of the tools of language andof the ways they are used, the diversity of kinds of word and sentence,with what logicians have said about the structure of language. (Thisincludes the author of the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus.)
24. Someone who does not bear in mind the variety of language-gameswill perhaps be inclined to ask questions like: “What is a question?”a Is it a way of stating that I do not know such-and-such, or that I wish the other person would tell me . . . ? Or is it a description of my mental state of uncertainty? a And is the cry “Help!” such a description?Remember how many different kinds of thing are called “descrip-tion”: description of a body’s position by means of its co-ordinates,description of a facial expression, description of a sensation of touch,of a mood.Of course, it is possible to substitute for the usual form of a ques-tion the form of a statement or description: “I want to know whether . . .” or “I am in doubt whether . . .” a but this does not bring the dif-ferent language-games any closer together.The signiﬁcance of such possibilities of transformation, for example,of turning all assertoric sentences into sentences beginning with the preﬁx“I think” or “I believe” (and thus, as it were, into descriptions of myinner life) will become clearer in another place. (Solipsism.)
25. It is sometimes said: animals do not talk because they lack the mental abilities. And this means: “They do not think, and that is whythey do not talk.” But a they simply do not talk. Or better: they do not use language a if we disregard the most primitive forms of lan-guage. a Giving orders, asking questions, telling stories, having a chat,are as much a part of our natural history as walking, eating, drinking,playing.
26. One thinks that learning language consists in giving names toobjects. For example, to human beings, to shapes, to colours, to pains,to |13| moods, to numbers, etc. To repeat a naming is something likeattaching a name tag to a thing. One can call this a preparation for theuse of a word. But what is it a preparation for?
27. “We name things and then we can talk about them: can refer tothem in talk.” a As if what we did next were given with the mere actof naming. As if there were only one thing called “talking aboutthings”. Whereas in fact we do the most various things with our sentences. Think just of exclamations, with their completely differentfunctions.Water!Away!Ow!Help!Splendid!No!Are you still inclined to call these words “names of objects”?In languages (2) and (8), there was no such thing as asking some-thing’s name. This, with its correlate, ostensive explanation, is, we mightsay, a language-game in its own right. That is really to say: we are broughtup, trained, to ask “What is that called?” a upon which the name isgiven. And there is also a language-game of inventing a name for some-thing, that is, of saying “This is called . . .” and then using the new name.(So, for example, children give names to their dolls and then talk aboutthem and to them. Consider in this connection how singular is the useof a person’s name to call him!)
28. Now, one can ostensively deﬁne a person’s name, the name of acolour, the name of a material, a number-word, the name of a point ofthe compass, and so on. The deﬁnition of the number two, “That iscalled ‘two’ ” a pointing to two nuts a is perfectly exact. a But howcan the number two be deﬁned like that? The person one gives thedeﬁnition to doesn’t know what it is that one wants to call “two”; hewill suppose that “two” is the name given to this group of nuts! —–He may suppose this; but perhaps he does not. He might make the oppo-site mistake: when I want to assign a name to this group of nuts, hemight take it to be the name of a number. And he might equally welltake a person’s name, which I explain ostensively, as that of a colour,of a race, or even of a point |14| of the compass. That is to say, anostensive deﬁnition can be variously interpreted in any case.Could one explain the word “red” by pointing to something thatwas not red? That would be as if one had to explain the word“modest” to someone whose English was poor, and one pointedto an arrogant man and said “That man is not modest”. That itis ambiguous is no argument against such a form of explanation.Any explanation can be misunderstood.But one might well ask: are we still to call this an “explana-tion”? a For, of course, it plays a different role in the calculusfrom what we ordinarily call an “ostensive explanation” of theword “red”, even if it has the same practical consequences, thesame effect on the learner. |p. 14 n.|
29. Perhaps someone will say, “two” can be ostensively deﬁned onlyin this way: “This number is called ‘two’.” For the word “number”here shows what place in language, in grammar, we assign to the word.But this means that the word “number” must be explained before thatostensive deﬁnition can be understood. a The word “number” in thedeﬁnition does indeed indicate this place a the post at which we sta-tion the word. And we can prevent misunderstandings by saying “Thiscolour is called so-and-so”, “This length is called so-and-so”, and soon. That is to say, misunderstandings are sometimes averted in this way.But does one have to take the words “colour” and “length” in just thisway? a Well, we’ll just have to explain them. Explain, then, by meansof other words! And what about the last explanation in this chain? (Don’tsay: “There isn’t a ‘last’ explanation.” That is just as if you were tosay: “There isn’t a last house in this road; one can always build an additional one.”)Whether the word “number” is necessary in an ostensive deﬁnitionof “two” depends on whether without this word the other person takesthe deﬁnition otherwise than I wish. And that will depend on the cir-cumstances under which it is given, and on the person I give it to.And how he ‘takes’ the explanation shows itself in how he uses theword explained.
30. So, one could say: an ostensive deﬁnition explains the use a themeaning a of a word if the role the word is supposed to play in thelanguage is already clear. So if I know that someone means to explaina colour-word to me, the ostensive explanation “That is called ‘sepia’ ”will enable me to understand the word. a And one can say this, as longas |15| one does not forget that now all sorts of questions are tied upwith the words “to know” or “to be clear”.One has already to know (or be able to do) something before onecan ask what something is called. But what does one have to know?
31. When one shows someone the king in chess and says “This is the king”, one does not thereby explain to him the use of this piece a unless he already knows the rules of the game except for this lastpoint: the shape of the king. One can imagine his having learnt the rules of the game without ever having been shown an actual piece. Theshape of the chess piece corresponds here to the sound or shape of a word.However, one can also imagine someone’s having learnt the game with-out ever learning or formulating rules. He might have learnt quite simple board-games ﬁrst, by watching, and have progressed to moreand more complicated ones. He too might be given the explanation “Thisis the king” a if, for instance, he were being shown chess pieces of ashape unfamiliar to him. This explanation again informs him of the useof the piece only because, as we might say, the place for it was alreadyprepared. In other words, we’ll say that it informs him of the use onlyif the place is already prepared. And in that case it is so, not becausethe person to whom we give the explanation already knows rules, butbecause, in another sense, he has already mastered a game.Consider this further case: I am explaining chess to someone; and Ibegin by pointing to a chess piece and saying “This is the king; it canmove in this-and-this way”, and so on. a In this case we shall say: thewords “This is the king” (or “This is called ‘the king’ ”) are an expla-nation of a word only if the learner already ‘knows what a piece in agame is’. That is, if, for example, he has already played other games,or has watched ‘with understanding’ how other people play a and sim-ilar things. Only then will he, while learning the game, be able to askrelevantly, “What is this called?” a that is, this chess piece.We may say: it only makes sense for someone to ask what somethingis called if he already knows how to make use of the name.We can, after all, imagine the person who is asked replying: “Decidewhat to call it yourself” a and now the one who asked would himselfbe answerable for everything.
32. Someone coming into a foreign country will sometimes learn thelanguage of the inhabitants from ostensive explanations that they givehim; and he will often have to guess how to interpret these explana-tions; and sometimes he will guess right, sometimes wrong.And now, I think, we can say: Augustine describes the learning |16|of human language as if the child came into a foreign country and didnot understand the language of the country; that is, as if he alreadyhad a language, only not this one. Or again, as if the child could alreadythink, only not yet speak. And “think” would here mean somethinglike “talk to himself”.
33. But what if someone objected: “It is not true that one must alreadybe master of a language-game in order to understand an ostensivedeﬁnition: rather, one need only a obviously a know (or guess) whatthe person giving the explanation is pointing at. That is, whether, forexample, at the shape of the object, or its colour, or the number andso on.” —– And what does ‘pointing at the shape’, ‘pointing at the colour’,consist in? Point at a piece of paper. a And now point at its shape anow at its colour a now at its number (that sounds odd). a Well, howdid you do it? a You’ll say that you ‘meant’ something different eachtime you pointed. And if I ask how that is done, you’ll say you con-centrated your attention on the colour, the shape, and so on. But nowI ask again: how is that done?Suppose someone points to a vase and says “Look at that marvel-lous blue a forget about the shape”. Or: “Look at the marvellous shapea the colour doesn’t matter.” No doubt you’ll do something differentin each case, when you do what he asks you. But do you always do thesame thing when you direct your attention to the colour? Imagine vari-ous different cases! To indicate a few:“Is this blue the same as the blue over there? Do you see any difference?” aYou are mixing paints and you say, “It’s hard to get the blue of thissky”.“It’s turning ﬁne, you can already see blue sky again.”“Note how different these two blues look.”“Do you see the blue book over there? Bring it here.”“This blue light means . . .”“What’s this blue called? a Is it ‘indigo’?”One attends to the colour sometimes by blocking the contour from viewwith one’s hand, or by not focusing on the contour of the thing, or bystaring at the object and trying to remember where one saw that colourbefore.One attends to the shape, sometimes by tracing it, sometimes by screw-ing up one’s eyes so as not to see the colour clearly, and so forth. Iwant to say: this and similar things are what one does while one ‘directsone’s attention to this or that’. But it isn’t only these things |17| thatmake us say that someone is attending to the shape, the colour, etc.Just as making a move in chess doesn’t consist only in pushing a piecefrom here to there on the board a nor yet in the thoughts and feelingsthat accompany the move: but in the circumstances that we call “play-ing a game of chess”, “solving a chess problem”, and the like.
34. But suppose someone said: “I always do the same thing when I attendto a shape: I follow the contour with my eyes and feel . . .” And suppose this person gives someone else the ostensive explanation “Thatis called a ‘circle’ ”, pointing to a circular object and having all theseexperiences —– can’t his hearer still interpret the explanation differently,even though he sees the other’s eyes following the contour, and eventhough he feels what the other feels? That is to say, this ‘interpretation’may also consist in how he now makes use of the explained word; inwhat he points at, for example, when told “Point to a circle!” a Forneither the expression “to mean the explanation in such-and-such a way” nor the expression “to interpret the explanation in such-and-sucha way” signiﬁes a process which accompanies the giving and hearingof an explanation.
35. There are, indeed, what may be called “characteristic experiences”of pointing, say, to the shape. For example, following the contour withone’s ﬁnger or with one’s eyes as one points. a This, however, does nothappen in all cases in which I ‘mean the shape’, and no more does anyother one characteristic process occur in all these cases. a But even ifsomething of the sort did recur in all cases, it would still depend onthe circumstances a that is, on what happened before and after the point-ing a whether we would say “He pointed at the shape and not at thecolour”.For the words “to point at the shape”, “to mean the shape”, and soon, are not used in the same way as these: “to point at this book” (notthat one), “to point at the chair, not at the table”, and so on. a Justthink how differently we learn the use of the words “to point at thisthing”, “to point at that thing”, and on the other hand, “to point atthe colour, not the shape”, “to mean the colour”, and so on.To repeat: in certain cases, especially when one points ‘at the shape’or ‘at the number’, there are characteristic experiences and ways of point-ing a ‘characteristic’ because they recur often (not always) when shapeor number are ‘meant’. But do you also know of an experience char-acteristic of pointing at a piece in a game as a piece in a game? |18| Allthe same, one can say: “I mean that this piece is called the ‘king’, notthis particular bit of wood I am pointing at.” (Recognizing, wishing,remembering, and so on.)What is going on when one means the words “That is blue” atone time as a statement about the object one is pointing at a atanother as an explanation of the word “blue”? Well, in the sec-ond case, one really means “That is called ‘blue’ ”. a Then canone at one time mean the word “is” as “is called” and the word“blue” as “ ‘blue’ ”, and another time mean “is” really as “is”?It can also happen that from what was meant as a piece of infor-mation, someone derives an explanation of a word. [Here lurksa superstition of great consequence.]Can I say “bububu” and mean “If it doesn’t rain, I shall go fora walk”? a It is only in a language that I can mean something bysomething. This shows clearly that the grammar of “to mean” doesnot resemble that of the expression “to imagine” and the like. |p. 18 n.|
36. And we do here what we do in a host of similar cases: because wecannot specify any one bodily action which we call pointing at the shape(as opposed to the colour, for example), we say that a mental, spiritualactivity corresponds to these words.Where our language suggests a body and there is none: there, we shouldlike to say, is a spirit.
37. What is the relation between name and thing named? a Well, whatis it? Look at language-game (2) or at some other one: that’s where onecan see what this relation may consist in. Among many other things,this relation may also consist in the fact that hearing a name calls beforeour mind the picture of what is named; and sometimes in the name’sbeing written on the thing named or in its being uttered when the thingnamed is pointed at.
38. But what, for example, does the word “this” name in language-game(8) or the word “that” in the ostensive explanation “That is called . . .”? a If you don’t want to produce confusion, then it is best not tosay that these words name anything. a Yet, strange to say, the word“this” has been called the real name; so that anything else we call aname was one only in an inexact, approximate sense.This odd conception springs from a tendency to sublimate the logicof our language a as one might put it. The proper answer to it is: wecall very different things “names”; the word “name” serves to |19| char-acterize many different, variously related, kinds of use of a word a butthe kind of use that the word “this” has is not among them.It is quite true that in giving an ostensive deﬁnition, for instance, weoften point to the object named and utter the name. And likewise, ingiving an ostensive deﬁnition, we utter the word “this” while pointingto a thing. And also, the word “this” and a name often occupy the sameposition in the context of a sentence. But it is precisely characteristicof a name that it is explained by means of the demonstrative expres-sion “That is N” (or “That is called ‘N’ ”). But do we also explain “Thatis called ‘this’ ”, or “This is called ‘this’ ”?This is connected with the conception of naming as a process thatis, so to speak, occult. Naming seems to be a strange connection of aword with an object. a And such a strange connection really obtains,particularly when a philosopher tries to fathom the relation betweenname and what is named by staring at an object in front of him andrepeating a name, or even the word “this”, innumerable times. For philo-sophical problems arise when language goes on holiday. And then wemay indeed imagine naming to be some remarkable mental act, as itwere the baptism of an object. And we can also say the word “this”to the object, as it were address the object as “this” a a strange use ofthis word, which perhaps occurs only when philosophizing.
39. But why does it occur to one to want to make precisely this wordinto a name, when it obviously is not a name? a That is just the rea-son. For one is tempted to make an objection against what is ordinar-ily called a name. It can be put like this: a name ought really to signifya simple. And one might perhaps give the following reasons for this:the word “Nothung”, say, is a proper name in the ordinary sense. Thesword Nothung consists of parts combined in a particular way. If theyare combined differently, Nothung does not exist. But it is clear thatthe sentence “Nothung has a sharp blade” has a sense, whetherNothung is still whole or has already been shattered. But if “Nothung”is the name of an object, this object no longer exists when Nothung isshattered into pieces; and as no object would then correspond to thename, it would have no meaning. But then the sentence “Nothung hasa sharp blade” would contain a word that had no meaning, and hencethe sentence would be nonsense. But it does have a sense; so there muststill be something corresponding to the words of which it consists. Sothe word “Nothung” must disappear when the sense is |20| analysedand its place be taken by words which name simples. It will be rea-sonable to call these words the real names.
40. Let us ﬁrst discuss the following point in the argument: that a wordhas no meaning if nothing corresponds to it. a It is important to notethat it is a solecism to use the word “meaning” to signify the thing that‘corresponds’ to a word. That is to confound the meaning of a namewith the bearer of the name. When Mr N.N. dies, one says that thebearer of the name dies, not that the meaning dies. And it would benonsensical to say this, for if the name ceased to have meaning, it wouldmake no sense to say “Mr N.N. is dead”.
41. In §15 we introduced proper names into language (8). Now sup-pose that the tool with the name “N” is broken. Not knowing this, Agives B the sign “N”. Has this sign a meaning now, or not? a What isB to do when he is given it? a We haven’t settled anything about this.One might ask: what will he do? Well, perhaps he will stand there ata loss, or show A the pieces. Here one might say: “N” has become mean-ingless; and this expression would mean that the sign “N” no longerhad a use in our language-game (unless we gave it a new one). “N”might also become meaningless because, for whatever reason, the toolwas given another name, and the sign “N” no longer used in the language-game. a But we could also imagine a convention whereby B has to shake his head in reply if A gives the sign for a tool that isbroken. a In this way, the command “N” might be said to be admittedinto the language-game even when the tool no longer exists, and thesign “N” to have meaning even when its bearer ceases to exist.
42. But have even names that have never been used for a tool got ameaning in that game? —– Let’s assume that “X” is such a sign, andthat A gives this sign to B a well, even such signs could be admittedinto the language-game, and B might have to answer them with a shakeof the head. (One could imagine this as a kind of amusement for them.)
43. For a large class of cases of the employment of the word “mean-ing” a though not for all a this word can be explained in this way:the meaning of a word is its use in the language. |21|And the meaning of a name is sometimes explained by pointing toits bearer.
44. We said that the sentence “Nothung has a sharp blade” has a senseeven when Nothung is already shattered. Well, this is so because in thislanguage-game a name is also used in the absence of its bearer. But wecan imagine a language-game with names (that is, with signs which wewould certainly call “names”), in which they are used only in the pre-sence of the bearer, and so could always be replaced by a demonstra-tive pronoun and a pointing gesture.
45. The demonstrative “this” can never be without a bearer. It mightbe said: “So long as there is a this, the word ‘this’ has a meaning too,whether this is simple or complex.” —– But that does not make theword into a name. On the contrary: for a name is not used with, butonly explained by means of, a pointing gesture.
46. What lies behind the idea that names really signify simples? aSocrates says in the Theaetetus: “If I am not mistaken, I have heardsome people say this: there is no explanation of the primary elementsa so to speak a out of which we and everything else are composed;for everything that exists in and of itself can be signiﬁed only by names;no other determination is possible, either that it is or that it is not . . .But what exists in and of itself has to be . . . named without any otherdetermination. In consequence, it is impossible to give an explanatoryaccount of any primary element, since for it, there is nothing other thanmere naming; after all, its name is all it has. But just as what is com-posed of the primary elements is itself an interwoven structure, so thecorrespondingly interwoven names become explanatory language; forthe essence of the latter is the interweaving of names.”Both Russell’s ‘individuals’ and my ‘objects’ (Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus) were likewise such primary elements.
47. But what are the simple constituent parts of which reality is com-posed? a What are the simple constituent parts of a chair? a The piecesof wood from which it is assembled? Or the molecules, or the atoms?a “Simple” means: not composite. And here the point is: in what sense‘composite’? It makes no sense at all to speak absolutely of the ‘simpleparts of a chair’. |22|Again: Does my visual image of this tree, of this chair, consist of parts?And what are its simple constituent parts? Multi-colouredness is onekind of compositeness; another is, for example, that of an open curvecomposed of straight bits. And a continuous curve may be said to becomposed of an ascending and a descending segment.If I tell someone without any further explanation, “What I see beforeme now is composite”, he will legitimately ask, “What do you meanby ‘composite’? For there are all sorts of things it may mean!” a Thequestion “Is what you see composite?” makes good sense if it isalready established what kind of compositeness a that is, which par-ticular use of this word a is in question. If it had been laid down thatthe visual image of a tree was to be called “composite” if one saw notjust a trunk, but also branches, then the question “Is the visual imageof this tree simple or composite?” and the question “What are its sim-ple constituent parts?” would have a clear sense a a clear use. And ofcourse the answer to the second question is not “The branches” (thatwould be an answer to the grammatical question: “What are here called‘simple constituent parts’?”), but rather a description of the individualbranches.But isn’t a chessboard, for instance, obviously, and absolutely com-posite? a You’re probably thinking of its being composed of 32 whiteand 32 black squares. But couldn’t we also say, for instance, that it wascomposed of the colours black and white and the schema of squares?And if there are quite different ways of looking at it, do you still wantto say that the chessboard is absolutely ‘composite’? a Asking “Is thisobject composite?” outside a particular game is like what a boy oncedid when he had to say whether the verbs in certain sentences were inthe active or passive voice, and who racked his brains over the ques-tion whether the verb “to sleep”, for example, meant something activeor passive.We use the word “composite” (and therefore the word “simple”) inan enormous number of different and differently related ways. (Is thecolour of a square on a chessboard simple, or does it consist of purewhite and pure yellow? And is the white simple, or does it consist ofthe colours of the rainbow? a Is this length of 2 cm simple, or does itconsist of two parts, each 1 cm long? But why not of one bit 3 cm long,and one bit 1 cm long measured in the opposite direction?)To the philosophical question “Is the visual image of this tree |23|composite, and what are its constituent parts?” the correct answer is:“That depends on what you understand by ‘composite’.” (And that, ofcourse, is not an answer to, but a rejection of, the question.)
48. Let us apply the method of §2 to the account in the Theaetetus.Consider a language-game for which this account is really valid. Thelanguage serves to represent combinations of coloured squares on a surface. The squares form a chessboard-like complex. There are red, green, white and black squares. The words of the language are (correspondingly) “R”, “G”, “W”, “B”, and a sentence is a sequenceof these words. Such sequences describe an arrangement of squares inthe order147258369And so, for instance, the sentence “RRBGGGRWW” describes anarrangement of this sort:Here the sentence is a complex of names, to which a complex of ele-ments corresponds. The primary elements are the coloured squares. “Butare these simple?” a I wouldn’t know what I could more naturally calla ‘simple’ in this language-game. But under other circumstances, I’d calla monochrome square, consisting perhaps of two rectangles or of theelements colour and shape, “composite”. But the concept of compos-iteness might also be extended so that a smaller area was said to be‘composed’ of a greater area and another one subtracted from it.Compare the ‘composition’ of |24| forces, the ‘division’ of a line by apoint outside it; these expressions show that we are sometimes eveninclined to conceive the smaller as the result of a composition ofgreater parts, and the greater as the result of a division of the smaller.But I do not know whether to say that the ﬁgure described by oursentence consists of four or of nine elements! Well, does the sentenceconsist of four letters or of nine? a And which are its elements, thetypes of letter, or the letters? Does it matter which we say, so long aswe avoid misunderstandings in any particular case?
49. But what does it mean to say that we cannot explain (that is, describe)these elements, but only name them? Well, it could mean, for instance,that when in a limiting case a complex consists of only one square, itsdescription is simply the name of the coloured square.Here one might say a though this easily leads to all kinds of philo-sophical superstition a that a sign “R” or “B”, etc., may sometimes bea word and sometimes a sentence. But whether it ‘is a word or a sen-tence’ depends on the situation in which it is uttered or written. Forinstance, if A has to describe complexes of coloured squares to B, andhe uses the word “R” by itself, we’ll be able to say that the word is adescription a a sentence. But if he is memorizing the words and theirmeanings, or if he is teaching someone else the use of the words anduttering them in the course of ostensive teaching, we’ll not say that theyare sentences. In this situation the word “R”, for instance, is not a descrip-tion; one names an element with it —– but that is why it would bestrange to say here that an element can only be named! For namingand describing do not stand on the same level: naming is a preparationfor describing. Naming is not yet a move in a language-game a anymore than putting a piece in its place on the board is a move in chess.One may say: with the mere naming of a thing, nothing has yet beendone. Nor has it a name except in a game. This was what Frege meant too when he said that a word has a meaning only in the context of asentence.
50. What does it mean to say that we can attribute neither being nornon-being to the elements? a One might say: if everything that we call“being” and “non-being” consists in the obtaining and non-obtainingof connections between elements, it makes no sense to speak of the being(non-being) of an element; just as it makes no sense to speak of thedestruction of an element, if everything that we call “destruction” liesin the separation of elements. |25|One would like to say, however, that being cannot be attributed toan element, for if it did not exist, one could not even name it, and soone could state nothing at all about it. a But let us consider an ana-logous case. There is one thing of which one can state neither that it is1 metre long, nor that it is not 1 metre long, and that is the standardmetre in Paris. a But this is, of course, not to ascribe any remarkableproperty to it, but only to mark its peculiar role in the game of mea-suring with a metre-rule. a Suppose that samples of colour were pre-served in Paris like the standard metre. So we explain that “sepia” meansthe colour of the standard sepia which is kept there hermetically sealed.Then it will make no sense to state of this sample either that it is ofthis colour or that it is not.We can put it like this: This sample is an instrument of the language,by means of which we make colour statements. In this game, it is notsomething that is represented, but is a means of representation. a Andthe same applies to an element in language-game (48) when we give ita name by uttering the word “R” a in so doing we have given thatobject a role in our language-game; it is now a means of representa-tion. And to say “If it did not exist, it could have no name” is to sayas much and as little as: if this thing did not exist, we could not use itin our language-game. a What looks as if it had to exist is part of thelanguage. It is a paradigm in our game; something with which com-parisons are made. And this may be an important observation; but itis none the less an observation about our language-game a our modeof representation.
51. In describing language-game (48), I said that the words “R”, “B”,etc. corresponded to the colours of the squares. But what does this cor-respondence consist in? In what sense can one say that certain coloursof squares correspond to these signs? After all, the explanation in (48)merely set up a connection between those signs and certain words ofour language (colour names). a Well, it was assumed that the use ofthe signs in the game would be taught in a different way a by point-ing to paradigms. Very well; but what does it mean to say that in thepractice of the language certain elements correspond to the signs? a Isit that the person who is describing the complexes of coloured squaresalways says “R” where there is a red square, “B” where there is a blackone, and so on? But what if he goes wrong in the description and mistakenly says “R” where he sees a black square —– what is the criterion here for this being a mistake? a Or does “R” ’s signifying ared square consist in this, that the |26| people who use the languagealways have a red square come before their mind when they use thesign “R”?In order to see more clearly, here as in countless similar cases, we must look at what really happens in detail, as it were from close up.
52. If I am inclined to suppose that a mouse comes into being by spon-taneous generation out of grey rags and dust, it’s a good idea to exam-ine those rags very closely to see how a mouse could have hidden inthem, how it could have got there, and so on. But if I am convincedthat a mouse cannot come into being from these things, then this inves-tigation will perhaps be superﬂuous.But what it is in philosophy that resists such an examination of details,we have yet to come to understand.
53. Our language-game (48) has various possibilities. There is a vari-ety of cases in which we would say that a sign in the game was thename of a square of such-and-such a colour. We’d say so, for example,if we knew that the people who used the language were taught the useof the signs in such-and-such a way. Or if it were laid down somewhere,say in the form of a chart, that this element corresponded to this sign,and if the chart were used in teaching the language and were appealedto in deciding certain disputed cases.We can, however, also imagine such a chart’s being a tool in the useof the language. Describing a complex is then done like this: the per-son who describes the complex has a chart with him and looks up eachelement of the complex in it and passes from the element to the sign(and the person to whom the description is given may also translate itswords into a picture of coloured squares by the use of a chart). Thischart might be said to take over here the role that memory and asso-ciation play in other cases. (We don’t usually carry out the order“Bring me a red ﬂower” by looking up the colour red in a colour chartand then bringing a ﬂower of the colour that we ﬁnd in the chart; butwhen it is a question of choosing or mixing a particular shade of red,we do sometimes make use of a sample or chart.)If we call such a chart the expression of a rule of the language-game,it can be said that what we call a rule of a language-game may havevery different roles in the game.
54. Just think of the kinds of case where we say that a game is playedaccording to a particular rule. |27|The rule may be an aid in teaching the game. The learner is told itand given practice in applying it. a Or it is a tool of the game itself.a Or a rule is employed neither in the teaching nor in the game itself;nor is it set down in a list of rules. One learns the game by watchinghow others play it. But we say that it is played according to such-and-such rules because an observer can read these rules off from the waythe game is played a like a natural law governing the play. —– Buthow does the observer distinguish in this case between players’ mistakesand correct play? a There are characteristic signs of it in the players’behaviour. Think of the behaviour characteristic of someone correctinga slip of the tongue. It would be possible to recognize that someonewas doing so even without knowing his language.
55. “What the names in language signify must be indestructible; for itmust be possible to describe the state of affairs in which everythingdestructible is destroyed. And this description will contain words; andwhat corresponds to these cannot in that case be destroyed, for other-wise the words would have no meaning.” I must not saw off the branchon which I am sitting.Now one might, of course, object at once that this description wouldhave to exempt itself from the destruction. a But what corresponds tothe words of the description, and so cannot be destroyed if it is true,is what gives the words their meaning a that without which they wouldhave no meaning. —– In a sense, however, this man is surely what cor-responds to his name. But he is destructible, and his name does notlose its meaning when its bearer is destroyed. a A paradigm that is usedin conjunction with a name in a language-game a that would be anexample of something which corresponds to a name and withoutwhich it would have no meaning.
56. But what if no such sample is part of the language, and we bearin mind the colour (for instance) that a word signiﬁes? —– “And if webear it in mind, then it comes before our mind’s eye when we utter the word. So, if it is supposed to be possible for us to remember it whenever we want, the colour in itself must be indestructible.” —– Butwhat do we regard as the criterion for remembering it right? a If weuse a sample instead of our memory, there are circumstances in whichwe might say that the sample has changed colour, and we judgewhether this is so by memory. But can’t we sometimes speak of a dark-ening (for example) of our memory-image? Aren’t we as much at themercy of memory as of a sample? (For someone might feel like saying:“If we |28| had no memory, we would be at the mercy of a sample.”)a Or perhaps of some chemical reaction. Imagine that you were sup-posed to paint a particular colour “C”, which was the colour thatappeared when the chemical substances X and Y combined. a Supposethat the colour struck you as brighter on one day than on another; wouldyou perhaps not say: “I must be wrong, the colour is surely the sameas yesterday”? This shows that we do not always resort to what mem-ory tells us as the verdict of the highest court of appeal.
57. “Something red can be destroyed, but red cannot be destroyed, andthat is why the meaning of the word ‘red’ is independent of the exis-tence of a red thing.” a Certainly it makes no sense to say that thecolour red (as opposed to the pigment) is torn up or pounded to bits.But don’t we say “The red is vanishing”? And don’t cling to the ideaof our always being able to bring red before our mind’s eye even whenthere is nothing red any more! That is just as if you were to say thatthere would still always be a chemical reaction producing a red ﬂame.a For what if you cannot remember the colour any more? a If we for-get which colour this is the name of, the name loses its meaning for us;that is, we’re no longer able to play a particular language-game withit. And then the situation is comparable to that in which we’ve lost aparadigm which was an instrument of our language.
58. “I want to restrict the term ‘name’ to what cannot occur in the com-bination ‘X exists’. a And so one cannot say ‘Red exists’, because ifthere were no red, it could not be spoken of at all.” a More correctly:If “X exists” amounts to no more than “X” has a meaning a then itis not a sentence which treats of X, but a sentence about our use oflanguage, that is, about the use of the word “X”.It looks to us as if we were saying something about the nature of redin saying that the words “Red exists” do not make sense. Namely, thatred exists ‘in and of itself’. The same idea a that this is a metaphys-ical statement about red a ﬁnds expression again when we say such athing as that red is timeless, and perhaps still more strongly in the word“indestructible”.But what we really want is simply to take “Red exists” as the state-ment: the word “red” has a meaning. Or, perhaps more correctly, “Reddoes not exist” as “ ‘Red’ has no meaning”. Only we do not want tosay that that expression says this, but that this is what it would haveto be saying if it made sense a that the expression actually contradictsitself in the attempt |29| to say that just because red exists ‘in and ofitself’. Whereas the only contradiction lies in something like this: thesentence looks as if it were about the colour, while it is supposed to besaying something about the use of the word “red”. a In reality, how-ever, we quite readily say that a particular colour exists, and that is asmuch as to say that something exists that has that colour. And the ﬁrstexpression is no less accurate than the second; particularly where ‘whathas the colour’ is not a physical object.
59. “A name signiﬁes only what is an element of reality a what can-not be destroyed, what remains the same in all changes.” a But whatis that? a Even as we uttered the sentence, that’s what we already hadin mind! We already gave expression to a quite speciﬁc idea, a particu-lar picture that we wanted to use. For experience certainly does notshow us these elements. We see constituent parts of something com-posite (a chair, for instance). We say that the back is part of the chair,but that it itself is composed of different pieces of wood; whereas a legis a simple constituent part. We also see a whole which changes (isdestroyed) while its constituent parts remain unchanged. These are thematerials from which we construct that picture of reality.
60. When I say “My broom is in the corner”, is this really a statementabout the broomstick and the brush? Well, it could at any rate be replacedby a statement giving the position of the stick and the position of thebrush. And this statement is surely a further analysed form of the ﬁrstone. a But why do I call it “further analysed”? a Well, if the broomis there, that surely means that the stick and brush must be there, andin a particular relation to one another; and previously this was, as itwere, hidden in the sense of the ﬁrst sentence, and is articulated in theanalysed sentence. Then does someone who says that the broom is inthe corner really mean: the broomstick is there, and so is the brush,and the broomstick is ﬁxed in the brush? a If we were to ask anyoneif he meant this, he would probably say that he had not specially thoughtof either the broomstick or the brush. And that would be the right answer,for he did not mean to speak either of the stick or of the brush in particular. Suppose that, instead of telling someone “Bring me thebroom!”, you said “Bring me the broomstick and the brush which isﬁtted on to it!” a Isn’t the answer: “Do you want the broom? Why doyou put it so oddly?” —– Is he going to understand the further ana-lysed sentence better? a This sentence, one might say, comes to the samething as the ordinary one, but in a more roundabout way. |30| Imaginea language-game in which someone is ordered to bring certain objectswhich are composed of several parts, to move them about, or some-thing else of the kind. And two ways of playing it: in one (a) the com-posite objects (brooms, chairs, tables, etc.) have names, as in (15); inthe other (b) only the parts are given names, and the wholes aredescribed by means of them. a In what sense is an order in the secondgame an analysed form of an order in the ﬁrst? Does the former lieconcealed in the latter, and is it now brought out by analysis? a True,the broom is taken to pieces when one separates broomstick and brush;but does it follow that the order to bring the broom also consists ofcorresponding parts?
61. “But surely you won’t deny that a particular order in (a) says thesame as one in (b); and what would you call the second one, if not ananalysed form of the ﬁrst?” a Certainly I too would say that an orderin (a) had the same sense as one in (b), or, as I expressed it earlier, theycome to the same thing. And this means that if I were shown an orderin (a) and asked, “Which order in (b) has the same sense as this?”, or again, “Which orders in (b) does this contradict?”, I would give such-and-such an answer. But that is not to say that we have come toa general agreement about the use of the expression “to have the same sense” or “to come to the same thing”. For one may ask: in whatcases do we say “These are merely two different forms of the same game”?
62. Suppose, for example, that the person who is given the orders in(a) and (b) has to look up a table co-ordinating names and picturesbefore bringing what is required. Does he do the same when he carriesout an order in (a) and the corresponding one in (b)? a Yes and no.You may say: “The point of the two orders is the same.” I would sayso too. a But it is not clear everywhere what should be called the ‘point’of an order. (Similarly, one may say of certain objects that they havethis or that purpose. The essential thing is that this is a lamp, that itserves to give light —– what is not essential is that it is an ornamentto the room, ﬁlls an empty space, and so on. But there is not always aclear boundary between essential and inessential.)
63. To say, however, that a sentence in (b) is an ‘analysed’ form of onein (a) readily seduces us into thinking that the former is the more fun-damental form, that it alone shows what is meant by the other, and soon. We may think: someone who has only the unanalysed form lacksthe analysis; but he who knows the analysed form |31| has got it all. aBut can’t I say that an aspect of the matter is lost to the latter no lessthan to the former?
64. Let’s imagine language-game (48) altered so that names signify not monochrome squares but rectangles each consisting of two suchsquares. Let such a rectangle which is half red, half green, be called“U”; a half green, half white one “V”; and so on. Could we not imagine people who had names for such combinations of colour, butnot for the individual colours? Think of cases where we say, “Thisarrangement of colours (say the French tricolor) has a quite special character”.In what way do the symbols of this language-game stand in need of analysis? How far is it even possible to replace this game by (48)?a It is just a different language-game; even though it is related to (48).
65. Here we come up against the great question that lies behind all theseconsiderations. a For someone might object against me: “You makethings easy for yourself! You talk about all sorts of language-games,but have nowhere said what is essential to a language-game, and so tolanguage: what is common to all these activities, and makes them intolanguage or parts of language. So you let yourself off the very part ofthe investigation that once gave you the most headache, the part aboutthe general form of the proposition and of language.”And this is true. a Instead of pointing out something common to allthat we call language, I’m saying that these phenomena have no onething in common in virtue of which we use the same word for all abut there are many different kinds of afﬁnity between them. And onaccount of this afﬁnity, or these afﬁnities, we call them all “languages”.I’ll try to explain this.
66. Consider, for example, the activities that we call “games”. I meanboard-games, card-games, ball-games, athletic games, and so on. Whatis common to them all? a Don’t say: “They must have something in common, or they would not be called ‘games’ ” a but look and see whether there is anything common to all. a For if you look at them, you won’t see something that is common to all, but similarities,afﬁnities, and a whole series of them at that. To repeat: don’t think,but look! a Look, for example, at board-games, with their variousafﬁnities. Now pass to card-games; here you ﬁnd many correspondenceswith the ﬁrst group, but many common |32| features drop out, and oth-ers appear. When we pass next to ball-games, much that is common isretained, but much is lost. a Are they all ‘entertaining’? Compare chesswith noughts and crosses. Or is there always winning and losing, orcompetition between players? Think of patience. In ball-games, thereis winning and losing; but when a child throws his ball at the wall andcatches it again, this feature has disappeared. Look at the parts playedby skill and luck, and at the difference between skill in chess and skillin tennis. Think now of singing and dancing games; here we have theelement of entertainment, but how many other characteristic featureshave disappeared! And we can go through the many, many othergroups of games in the same way, can see how similarities crop up and disappear.And the upshot of these considerations is: we see a complicated net-work of similarities overlapping and criss-crossing: similarities in thelarge and in the small.
67. I can think of no better expression to characterize these similar-ities than “family resemblances”; for the various resemblances betweenmembers of a family a build, features, colour of eyes, gait, tempera-ment, and so on and so forth a overlap and criss-cross in the sameway. a And I shall say: ‘games’ form a family.And likewise the kinds of number, for example, form a family. Whydo we call something a “number”? Well, perhaps because it has a adirect a afﬁnity with several things that have hitherto been called “num-ber”; and this can be said to give it an indirect afﬁnity with other thingsthat we also call “numbers”. And we extend our concept of number,as in spinning a thread we twist ﬁbre on ﬁbre. And the strength of thethread resides not in the fact that some one ﬁbre runs through its wholelength, but in the overlapping of many ﬁbres.But if someone wanted to say, “So there is something common to allthese constructions a namely, the disjunction of all their commonproperties” a I’d reply: Now you are only playing with a word. Onemight as well say, “There is a Something that runs through the wholethread a namely, the continuous overlapping of these ﬁbres”.
68. “Right; so in your view the concept of number is explained as thelogical sum of those individual interrelated concepts: cardinal numbers,rational numbers, real numbers, and so forth; and in the same way, theconcept of a game as the logical sum of corresponding sub-concepts.”—– This need not be so. For I can give the concept of number rigid boundaries |33| in this way, that is, use the word “number” for arigidly bounded concept; but I can also use it so that the extension of the concept is not closed by a boundary. And this is how we do use the word “game”. For how is the concept of a game bounded? What still counts as a game, and what no longer does? Can you saywhere the boundaries are? No. You can draw some, for there aren’tany drawn yet. (But this never bothered you before when you used theword “game”.)“But then the use of the word is unregulated a the ‘game’ we play with it is unregulated.” —– It is not everywhere bounded by rules;but no more are there any rules for how high one may throw the ballin tennis, or how hard, yet tennis is a game for all that, and has rules too.
69. How would we explain to someone what a game is? I think thatwe’d describe games to him, and we might add to the description: “Thisand similar things are called ‘games’.” And do we know any more our-selves? Is it just that we can’t tell others exactly what a game is? a Butthis is not ignorance. We don’t know the boundaries because none havebeen drawn. To repeat, we can draw a boundary a for a special pur-pose. Does it take this to make the concept usable? Not at all! Exceptperhaps for that special purpose. No more than it took the deﬁnition:1 pace = 75 cm to make the measure of length ‘one pace’ usable. Andif you want to say “But still, before that it wasn’t an exact measure oflength”, then I reply: all right, so it was an inexact one. a Though youstill owe me a deﬁnition of exactness.
70. “But if the concept ‘game’ is without boundaries in this way, youdon’t really know what you mean by a ‘game’.” —– When I give thedescription “The ground was quite covered with plants”, do you wantto say that I don’t know what I’m talking about until I can give adeﬁnition of a plant?An explanation of what I meant would be, say, a drawing and thewords “The ground looked roughly like this”. Perhaps I even say: “It looked exactly like this.” a Then were just these blades of grassand these leaves there, arranged just like this? No, that is not what itmeans. And I wouldn’t accept any picture as the exact one in this sense.|34|Someone says to me, “Show the children a game.” I teach themgambling with dice, and the other says, “I didn’t mean that sortof game”. In that case, must he have had the exclusion of the gamewith dice before his mind when he gave me the order? |p. 33 n.|
71. One can say that the concept of a game is a concept with blurrededges. a “But is a blurred concept a concept at all?” a Is a photographthat is not sharp a picture of a person at all? Is it even always an advan-tage to replace a picture that is not sharp by one that is? Isn’t one thatisn’t sharp often just what we need?Frege compares a concept to a region, and says that a region with-out clear boundaries can’t be called a region at all. This presumablymeans that we can’t do anything with it. a But is it senseless to say“Stay roughly here”? Imagine that I were standing with someone in acity square and said that. As I say it, I do not bother drawing any bound-ary, but just make a pointing gesture a as if I were indicating a par-ticular spot. And this is just how one might explain what a game is.One gives examples and intends them to be taken in a particular way.a I do not mean by this expression, however, that he is supposed tosee in those examples that common feature which I a for some reasona was unable to formulate, but that he is now to employ those exam-ples in a particular way. Here giving examples is not an indirect wayof explaining a in default of a better one. For any general explanationmay be misunderstood too. This, after all, is how we play the game. (I mean the language-game with the word “game”.)
72. Seeing what is in common. Suppose I show someone various multi-coloured pictures, and say: “The colour you see in all these is called‘yellow ochre’.” a This is an explanation that another person will cometo understand by looking for, and seeing, what is common to the pic-tures. Then he can look at, can point to, the common feature.Compare with this a case in which I show him ﬁgures of differentshapes, all painted the same colour, and say: “What these have in com-mon is called ‘yellow ochre’.”And compare this case: I show him samples of different shades ofblue, and say: “The colour that is common to all these is what I call‘blue’.”
73. When someone explains the names of colours to me by pointing atsamples and saying “This colour is called ‘blue’, this ‘green’ . . .”, thiscase can be compared in many respects to handing me a chart with thewords written under the colour samples. a Though this comparison maymislead in various ways. a One is now inclined to extend the com-parison: to have understood the explanation means to have in one’s mindan idea of the thing explained, and that is a sample or picture. So ifI’m shown various leaves and told |35| “This is called a ‘leaf ’ ”, I getan idea of the shape of a leaf, a picture of it in my mind. a But whatdoes the picture of a leaf look like when it does not show us any par-ticular shape, but rather ‘what is common to all shapes of leaf’? Whatshade is the ‘sample in my mind’ of the colour green a the sample ofwhat is common to all shades of green?“But might there not be such ‘general’ samples? Say a schematic leaf,or a sample of pure green?” a Certainly! But for such a schema to beunderstood as a schema, and not as the shape of a particular leaf, andfor a snippet of pure green to be understood as a sample of all that isgreenish, and not as a sample of pure green a this in turn resides inthe way the samples are applied.Ask yourself, what shape must the sample of the colour green be?Should it be rectangular? Or would it then be the sample of green rect-angles? a So should it be ‘irregular’ in shape? And what is then to pre-vent us from viewing it a that is, from using it a only as a sample ofirregularity of shape?
74. Here also belongs the idea that someone who views this leaf as asample of ‘leaf shape in general’ will see it differently from someonewho views it as, say, a sample of this particular shape. Well, this mightbe so a though it is not so a for it would only amount to saying that,as a matter of experience, someone who sees the leaf in a particularway will then use it in such-and-such a way or according to such-and-such rules. Of course, there is such a thing as seeing in this way or that;and there are also cases where whoever sees a sample like this will ingeneral use it in this way, and whoever sees it otherwise in another way.For example, someone who sees the schematic drawing of a cube as aplane ﬁgure consisting of a square and two rhombi will perhaps carryout the order “Bring me something like this!” differently from some-one who sees the picture three-dimensionally.
75. What does it mean to know what a game is? What does it meanto know it and not be able to say it? Is this knowledge somehow equi-valent to an unformulated deﬁnition? So that if it were formulated, I’dbe able to recognize it as the expression of my knowledge? Isn’t myknowledge, my concept of a game, completely expressed in the expla-nations that I could give? That is, in my describing examples of vari-ous kinds of game, showing how all sorts of other games can beconstructed on the analogy of these, saying that I would hardly call thisor that a game, and so on. |36|
76. If someone were to draw a sharp boundary, I couldn’t acknow-ledge it as the one that I too always wanted to draw, or had drawn inmy mind. For I didn’t want to draw one at all. It can then be said: hisconcept is not the same as mine, but akin to it. The afﬁnity is that oftwo pictures, one of which consists of colour patches with blurred bound-aries and the other of patches similarly shaped and distributed but withsharp boundaries. The afﬁnity is just as undeniable as the difference.
77. And if we carry this comparison a little further, it is clear that thedegree to which the sharp picture can resemble the blurred onedepends on the degree to which the latter lacks sharpness. For imaginehaving to draw a sharp picture ‘corresponding’ to a blurred one. In thelatter there is a blurred red rectangle; you replace it with a sharp one.Of course a several such sharply delineated rectangles could be drawnto correspond to the blurred one. a But if the colours in the originalshade into one another without a hint of any boundary, won’t itbecome a hopeless task to draw a sharp picture corresponding to theblurred one? Won’t you then have to say: “Here I might just as welldraw a circle as a rectangle or a heart, for all the colours merge. Anythinga and nothing a is right.” —– And this is the position in which, forexample, someone ﬁnds himself in ethics or aesthetics when he looksfor deﬁnitions that correspond to our concepts.In this sort of predicament, always ask yourself: How did we learnthe meaning of this word (“good”, for instance)? From what sort ofexamples? In what language-games? Then it will be easier for you tosee that the word must have a family of meanings.
78. Compare knowing and saying:how many metres high Mont Blanc is ahow the word “game” is used ahow a clarinet sounds.Someone who is surprised that one can know something and not beable to say it is perhaps thinking of a case like the ﬁrst. Certainly notof one like the third.
79. Consider this example: if one says “Moses did not exist”, this maymean various things. It may mean: the Israelites did not have a singleleader when they came out of Egypt —– or: their leader was not calledMoses —– or: there wasn’t anyone who accomplished all that the Biblerelates of Moses —– or: . . . a According to Russell, we may say: thename “Moses” can be deﬁned by |37| means of various descriptions.For example, as “the man who led the Israelites through the wilder-ness”, “the man who lived at that time and place and was then called‘Moses’ ”, “the man who as a child was taken out of the Nile by Pharaoh’sdaughter”, and so on. And according as we accept one deﬁnition oranother, the sentence “Moses did exist” acquires a different sense, andso does every other sentence about Moses. a And if we are told “Ndid not exist”, we do ask: “What do you mean? Do you want to say . . . or . . .and so on?”But if I make a statement about Moses, am I always ready to sub-stitute some one of these descriptions for “Moses”? I shall perhaps say:By “Moses” I mean the man who did what the Bible relates of Moses,or at any rate much of it. But how much? Have I decided how muchmust turn out to be false for me to give up my proposition as false? Sois my use of the name “Moses” ﬁxed and determined for all possiblecases? a Isn’t it like this, that I have, so to speak, a whole series ofprops in readiness, and am ready to lean on one if another should betaken from under me, and vice versa? —– Consider yet another case.If I say “N is dead”, then something like the following may hold forthe meaning of the name “N”: I believe that a human being has lived,whom (1) I have seen in such-and-such places, who (2) looked like this(pictures), (3) has done such-and-such things, and (4) bore the name“N” in civic life. a Asked what I mean by “N”, I’d enumerate all orsome of these points, and different ones on different occasions. So mydeﬁnition of “N” would perhaps be “the man of whom all this is true”.a But if some point were now to turn out to be false? a Would I beprepared to declare the proposition “N is dead” false a even if whathas turned out to be false is only something which strikes me asinsigniﬁcant? But where are the boundaries of what is insigniﬁcant? aIf I had given an explanation of the name in such a case, I’d now beready to alter it.And this can be expressed as follows: I use the name “N” without aﬁxed meaning. (But that impairs its use as little as the use of a table isimpaired by the fact that it stands on four legs instead of three and sosometimes wobbles.)Should it be said that I’m using a word whose meaning I don’t know,and so am talking nonsense? a Say what you please, so long as it doesnot prevent you from seeing how things are. (And when you see that,there will be some things that you won’t say.)(The ﬂuctuation of scientiﬁc deﬁnitions: what today counts as an |38|observed concomitant of phenomenon A will tomorrow be used to deﬁne“A”.)
80. I say, “There is a chair over there”. What if I go to fetch it, and itsuddenly disappears from sight? —– “So it wasn’t a chair, but somekind of illusion.” —– But a few seconds later, we see it again and areable to touch it, and so on. —– “So the chair was there after all, andits disappearance was some kind of illusion.” —– But suppose that aftera time it disappears again a or seems to disappear. What are we to saynow? Have you rules ready for such cases a rules saying whether sucha thing is still to be called a “chair”? But do we miss them when weuse the word “chair”? And are we to say that we do not really attachany meaning to this word, because we are not equipped with rules forevery possible application of it?
81. F. P. Ramsey once emphasized in conversation with me that logicwas a ‘normative science’. I do not know exactly what idea he had inmind, but it was doubtless closely related to one that dawned on meonly later: namely, that in philosophy we often compare the use of wordswith games, calculi with ﬁxed rules, but cannot say that someone whois using language must be playing such a game. —– But if someone saysthat our languages only approximate to such calculi, he is standing onthe very brink of a misunderstanding. For then it may look as if whatwe were talking about in logic were an ideal language. As if our logicwere, so to speak, a logic for a vacuum. a Whereas logic does not treatof language a or of thought a in the sense in which a natural sciencetreats of a natural phenomenon, and the most that can be said is thatwe construct ideal languages. But here the word “ideal” is liable to mis-lead, for it sounds as if these languages were better, more perfect, thanour everyday language; and as if it took a logician to show people atlast what a proper sentence looks like.All this, however, can appear in the right light only when one hasattained greater clarity about the concepts of understanding, meaningsomething, and thinking. For it will then also become clear what maymislead us (and did mislead me) into thinking that if anyone utters asentence and means or understands it, he is thereby operating a calcu-lus according to deﬁnite rules.
82. What do I call ‘the rule according to which he proceeds’? a Thehypothesis that satisfactorily describes his use of words, which we observe;or the rule which he looks up when he uses signs; or the one which he|39| gives us in reply if we ask him what his rule is? a But what if obser-vation does not clearly reveal any rule, and the question brings noneto light? a For he did indeed give me an explanation when I asked himwhat he meant by “N”, but he was prepared to withdraw this expla-nation and alter it. a So how am I to determine the rule according towhich he is playing? He does not know it himself. a Or, more cor-rectly, what is left for the expression “the rule according to which heproceeds” to say?
83. Doesn’t the analogy between language and games throw light here?We can easily imagine people amusing themselves in a ﬁeld by playingwith a ball like this: starting various existing games, but playing sev-eral without ﬁnishing them, and in between throwing the ball aimlesslyinto the air, chasing one another with the ball, throwing it at one anotherfor a joke, and so on. And now someone says: The whole time theyare playing a ball-game and therefore are following deﬁnite rules at everythrow.And is there not also the case where we play, and make up the rules as we go along? And even where we alter them a as we go along.
84. Speaking of the application of a word, I said that it is not every-where bounded by rules. But what does a game look like that is every-where bounded by rules? whose rules never let a doubt creep in, butstop up all the gaps where it might? a Can’t we imagine a rule regu-lating the application of a rule; and a doubt which it removes a andso on?But that is not to say that we are in doubt because it is possible forus to imagine a doubt. I can easily imagine someone always doubtingbefore he opened his front door whether an abyss did not yawn behindit, and making sure about it before he went through the door (and hemight on some occasion prove to be right) a but for all that, I do notdoubt in such a case.
85. A rule stands there like a signpost. a Does the signpost leave nodoubt about the way I have to go? Does it show which direction I amto take when I have passed it, whether along the road or the footpathor cross-country? But where does it say which way I am to follow it;whether in the direction of its ﬁnger or (for example) in the oppositeone? a And if there were not a single signpost, but a sequence of sign-posts or chalk marks on the ground a is there only one way of inter-preting them? a So I can say that the signpost does after all |40| leaveroom for doubt. Or rather, it sometimes leaves room for doubt, andsometimes not. And now this is no longer a philosophical proposition,but an empirical one.
86. Imagine a language-game like (2) played with the help of a chart.The signs A gives to B are now written ones. B has a chart; in the ﬁrstcolumn are the signs used in the game, in the second, pictures of dif-ferent shapes of building stones. A shows B such a written sign; B looksit up in the chart, looks at the picture opposite, and so on. So the chartis a rule which he follows in carrying out orders. a One learns to lookup the picture in the chart by being trained, and part of this trainingmay well consist in the pupil’s learning to pass with his ﬁnger horizontallyfrom left to right; and so, as it were, to draw a series of horizontal lineson the chart.Suppose different ways of reading a chart were now introduced; onetime, as above, according to the schema:another time according to this schema:or some other one. a Such a schema is added to the chart as a rule forits use.Can we not now imagine further rules to explain this one? And, on the other hand, was that ﬁrst chart incomplete without the schema of arrows? And are the other charts incomplete without theirschemata?
87. Suppose I give this explanation: “I take ‘Moses’ to mean the man,if there was such a man, who led the Israelites out of Egypt, whateverhe was called then and whatever he may or may not have donebesides.” a But similar doubts to those about the name “Moses” arepossible about the words of this explanation (what are you calling“Egypt”, whom the “Israelites”, and so forth?). These questions wouldnot even come to an end when we got down to words like “red”, “dark”,“sweet”. a “But then how does an explanation help me to understand,|41| if, after all, it is not the ﬁnal one? In that case the explanation isnever completed; so I still don’t understand what he means, and nevershall!” a As though an explanation, as it were, hung in the air unlesssupported by another one. Whereas an explanation may indeed rest onanother one that has been given, but none stands in need of another aunless we require it to avoid a misunderstanding. One might say: anexplanation serves to remove or to prevent a misunderstanding —– one,that is, that would arise if not for the explanation, but not every mis-understanding that I can imagine.It may easily look as if every doubt merely revealed a gap in the foundations; so that secure understanding is possible only if we ﬁrst doubt everything that can be doubted, and then remove all thesedoubts.The signpost is in order a if, under normal circumstances, it fulﬁlsits purpose.
88. If I tell someone “Stay roughly here” a may this explanation notwork perfectly? And may not any other one fail too?“But still, isn’t it an inexact explanation?” a Yes, why shouldn’t one call it “inexact”? Only let’s understand what “inexact” means! For it does not mean “unusable”. And let’s consider what we call an “exact” explanation in contrast to this one. Perhaps like drawing aboundary-line around a region with chalk? Here it strikes us at oncethat the line has breadth. So a colour edge would be more exact. Buthas this exactness still got a function here: isn’t it running idle?Moreover, we haven’t yet laid down what is to count as oversteppingthis sharp boundary; how, with what instruments, it is to be ascer-tained. And so on.We understand what it means to set a pocket-watch to the exact time, or to regulate it to be exact. But what if it were asked: Is thisexactness ideal exactness? Or: How nearly does it approach the ideal?a Of course we can speak of measurements of time in which there is a different, and as we should say a greater, exactness than in the measurement of time by a pocket-watch; in which the words “to setthe clock to the exact time” have a different, though related, meaningand ‘to tell the time’ is a different process, and so on. a Now, if I tellsomeone: “You should come to dinner more punctually; you know itbegins at one o’clock exactly” a is there really no question of exact-ness here? After all, one can say: “Think of the determination of timein the laboratory or the observatory; there you see what ‘exactness’means.” |42|“Inexact” is really a reproach, and “exact” is praise. And that is tosay that what is inexact attains its goal less perfectly than does whatis more exact. So it all depends on what we call “the goal”. Is it inex-act when I don’t give our distance from the sun to the nearest metre,or tell a joiner the width of a table to the nearest thousandth of a mil-limetre?No single ideal of exactness has been envisaged; we do not know whatwe are to make of this idea a unless you yourself stipulate what is tobe so called. But you’ll ﬁnd it difﬁcult to make such a stipulation aone that satisﬁes you.
89. With these considerations we ﬁnd ourselves facing the problem: Inwhat way is logic something sublime?For logic seemed to have a peculiar depth a a universal signiﬁcance.Logic lay, it seemed, at the foundation of all the sciences. a For logicalinvestigation explores the essence of all things. It seeks to see to thefoundation of things, and shouldn’t concern itself whether things actu-ally happen in this or that way. —– It arises neither from an interestin the facts of nature, nor from a need to grasp causal connections, butfrom an urge to understand the foundations, or essence, of everythingempirical. Not, however, as if to this end we had to hunt out new facts; it is, rather, essential to our investigation that we do not seek to learn anything new by it. We want to understand something that isalready in plain view. For this is what we seem in some sense not tounderstand.Augustine says in Confessions XI. 14, “quid est ergo tempus? si nemoex me quaerat scio; si quaerenti explicare velim, nescio”. a This couldnot be said about a question of natural science (“What is the speciﬁcgravity of hydrogen?”, for instance). Something that one knows whennobody asks one, but no longer knows when one is asked to explainit, is something that has to be called to mind. (And it is obviously some-thing which, for some reason, it is difﬁcult to call to mind.)
90. We feel as if we had to see right into phenomena: yet our invest-igation is directed not towards phenomena, but rather, as one might say,towards the ‘possibilities’ of phenomena. What that means is that wecall to mind the kinds of statement that we make about phenomena.So too, Augustine calls to mind the different statements that are madeabout the duration of events, about their being past, present or future.(These are, of course, not philosophical statements about time, the past,the present and the future.) |43|Our inquiry is therefore a grammatical one. And this inquiry shedslight on our problem by clearing misunderstandings away. Misunder-standings concerning the use of words, brought about, among otherthings, by certain analogies between the forms of expression in differ-ent regions of our language. a Some of them can be removed by sub-stituting one form of expression for another; this may be called ‘analysing’our forms of expression, for sometimes this procedure resembles tak-ing a thing apart.
91. But now it may come to look as if there were something like a ﬁnalanalysis of our linguistic expressions, and so a single completely ana-lysed form of every expression. That is, as if our usual forms of expres-sion were, essentially, still unanalysed; as if there were something hid-den in them that had to be brought to light. As if, when this is done,the expression is completely clariﬁed and our task accomplished.It may also be put like this: we eliminate misunderstandings by mak-ing our expressions more exact; but now it may look as if we were aim-ing at a particular state, a state of complete exactness, and as if thiswere the real goal of our investigation.
92. This ﬁnds expression in the question of the essence of language, ofpropositions, of thought. a For although we, in our investigations, aretrying to understand the nature of language a its function, its struc-ture a yet this is not what that question has in view. For it sees theessence of things not as something that already lies open to view, andthat becomes surveyable through a process of ordering, but as some-thing that lies beneath the surface. Something that lies within, whichwe perceive when we see right into the thing, and which an analysis issupposed to unearth.‘The essence is hidden from us’: this is the form our problem nowassumes. We ask: “What is language?”, “What is a proposition?” Andthe answer to these questions is to be given once for all, and indepen-dently of any future experience.
93. One person might say, “A proposition is the most ordinary thingin the world”, and another, “A proposition a that’s something veryremarkable!” —– And the latter is unable simply to look and see howpropositions work. For the forms of the expressions we use in talkingabout propositions and thought stand in his way.Why do we say that a proposition is something remarkable? On theone hand, because of the enormous importance attaching to it. (Andthat is correct.) On the other hand, this importance, together with amisunderstanding |44| of the logic of language, seduces us into think-ing that something extraordinary, even unique, must be achieved by propo-sitions. a A misunderstanding makes it look to us as if a propositiondid something strange.
94. ‘Remarkable things, propositions!’ Here we already have the sub-limation of our whole account of logic. The tendency to assume a pureintermediary between the propositional sign and the facts. Or even totry to purify, to sublimate, the sign itself. a For our forms of expres-sion, which send us in pursuit of chimeras, prevent us in all sorts ofways from seeing that nothing extraordinary is involved.
95. “Thinking must be something unique.” When we say, mean, that such-and-such is the case, then, with what we mean, we do notstop anywhere short of the fact, but mean: such-and-such b is bthus-and-so. b But this paradox (which indeed has the form of a tru-ism) can also be expressed in this way: one can think what is not thecase.
96. Other illusions come from various quarters to join the particularone spoken of here. Thought, language, now appear to us as theunique correlate, picture, of the world. These concepts: proposition, lan-guage, thought, world, stand in line one behind the other, each equi-valent to each. (But what are these words to be used for now? The language-game in which they are to be applied is missing.)
97. Thinking is surrounded by a nimbus. a Its essence, logic, presentsan order: namely, the a priori order of the world; that is, the order ofpossibilities, which the world and thinking must have in common. Butthis order, it seems, must be utterly simple. It is prior to all experience,must run through all experience; no empirical cloudiness or uncertaintymay attach to it. —– It must rather be of the purest crystal. But thiscrystal does not appear as an abstraction, but as something concrete,indeed, as the most concrete, as it were the hardest thing there is (TractatusLogico-Philosophicus 5.5563).We are under the illusion that what is peculiar, profound and essen-tial to us in our investigation resides in its trying to grasp the incom-parable essence of language. That is, the order existing between theconcepts of proposition, word, inference, truth, experience, and so forth.This order is a super-order between a so to speak a super-concepts.Whereas, in fact, if the words “language”, “experience”, “world” havea use, it must be as humble a one as that of the words “table”, “lamp”,“door”. |45|
98. On the one hand, it is clear that every sentence in our language ‘isin order as it is’. That is to say, we are not striving after an ideal, as ifour ordinary vague sentences had not yet got a quite unexceptionablesense, and a perfect language still had to be constructed by us. a Onthe other hand, it seems clear that where there is sense, there must beperfect order. —– So there must be perfect order even in the vaguestsentence.
99. The sense of a sentence a one would like to say a may, of course,leave this or that open, but the sentence must nevertheless have a deter-minate sense. An indeterminate sense a that would really not be a senseat all. a This is similar to: a boundary which is not sharply deﬁned isnot really a boundary at all. Here one thinks something like this: if Isay “I have locked the man up in the room a there is only one doorleft open” a then I simply haven’t locked him up at all; his being lockedup is a sham. One would be inclined to say here: “So you haven’t accom-plished anything at all.” An enclosure with a hole in it is as good asnone. a But is that really true?
100. “Still, it isn’t a game at all, if there is some vagueness in the rules.”But is it really not a game, then? a “Well, perhaps you’ll call it a game,but at any rate it isn’t a perfect game.” This means: then it has beencontaminated, and what I am interested in now is what it was that wascontaminated. a But I want to say: we misunderstand the role playedby the ideal in our language. That is to say: we too would call it a game,only we are dazzled by the ideal, and therefore fail to see the actualapplication of the word “game” clearly.
101. We want to say that there can’t be any vagueness in logic. Theidea now absorbs us that the ideal ‘must’ occur in reality. At the sametime, one doesn’t as yet see how it occurs there, and doesn’t understandthe nature of this “must”. We think the ideal must be in reality; for wethink we already see it there.
102. The strict and clear rules for the logical construction of a propo-sition appear to us as something in the background a hidden in themedium of understanding. I already see them (even though through amedium), for I do understand the sign, I mean something by it.
103. The ideal, as we conceive of it, is unshakable. You can’t step out-side it. You must always turn back. There is no outside; outside youcannot breathe. a How come? The idea is like a pair of glasses on ournose through which we see whatever we look at. It never occurs to usto take them off. |46|
104. One predicates of the thing what lies in the mode of representa-tion. We take the possibility of comparison, which impresses us, as theperception of a highly general state of affairs.Faraday in The Chemical History of a Candle: “Water is one indi-vidual thing a it never changes.” |p. 46 n.|
105. When we believe that we have to ﬁnd that order, the ideal, in ouractual language, we become dissatisﬁed with what are ordinarily called“sentences”, “words”, “signs”.The sentence and the word that logic deals with are supposed to besomething pure and clear-cut. And now we rack our brains over thenature of the real sign. a Is it perhaps the idea of the sign? Or the ideaat the present moment?
106. Here it is difﬁcult to keep our heads above water, as it were, tosee that we must stick to matters of everyday thought, and not to geton the wrong track where it seems that we have to describe extremesubtleties, which again we are quite unable to describe with the meansat our disposal. We feel as if we had to repair a torn spider’s web withour ﬁngers.
107. The more closely we examine actual language, the greaterbecomes the conﬂict between it and our requirement. (For the crystallinepurity of logic was, of course, not something I had discovered: it wasa requirement.) The conﬂict becomes intolerable; the requirement is nowin danger of becoming vacuous. a We have got on to slippery ice wherethere is no friction, and so, in a certain sense, the conditions are ideal;but also, just because of that, we are unable to walk. We want to walk:so we need friction. Back to the rough ground!
108. We see that what we call “proposition”, “language”, has not theformal unity that I imagined, but is a family of structures more or lessakin to one another. —– But what becomes of logic now? Its rigourseems to be giving way here. a But in that case doesn’t logic altogetherdisappear? a For how can logic lose its rigour? Of course not by ourbargaining any of its rigour out of it. a The preconception of crystallinepurity can only be removed by turning our whole inquiry around. (Onemight say: the inquiry must be turned around, but on the pivot of ourreal need. |47|The sense in which philosophy of logic speaks of sentences andwords is no different from that in which we speak of them in ordi-nary life when we say, for example, “What is written here is aChinese sentence”, or “No, that only looks like writing; it’s actu-ally just ornamental”, and so on.We’re talking about the spatial and temporal phenomenon oflanguage, not about some non-spatial, atemporal non-entity.[Only it is possible to be interested in a phenomenon in a varietyof ways]. But we talk about it as we do about the pieces in chesswhen we are stating the rules for their moves, not describing theirphysical properties.The question “What is a word really?” is analogous to “Whatis a piece in chess?” |§108(b)–(d)|
109. It was correct that our considerations must not be scientiﬁc ones.The feeling ‘that it is possible, contrary to our preconceived ideas, tothink this or that’ a whatever that may mean a could be of no inter-est to us. (The pneumatic conception of thinking.) And we may notadvance any kind of theory. There must not be anything hypotheticalin our considerations. All explanation must disappear, and descriptionalone must take its place. And this description gets its light a that isto say, its purpose a from the philosophical problems. These are, ofcourse, not empirical problems; but they are solved through an insightinto the workings of our language, and that in such a way that theseworkings are recognized a despite an urge to misunderstand them. Theproblems are solved, not by coming up with new discoveries, but byassembling what we have long been familiar with. Philosophy is a strug-gle against the bewitchment of our understanding by the resources ofour language.
110. “Language (or thinking) is something unique” a this proves to bea superstition (not a mistake!), itself produced by grammatical illusions.And now the impressiveness retreats to these illusions, to the problems.
111. The problems arising through a misinterpretation of our forms oflanguage have the character of depth. They are deep disquietudes; theyare as deeply rooted in us as the forms of our language, and theirsigniﬁcance is as great as the importance of our language. —– Let’s askourselves: why do we feel a grammatical joke to be deep? (And that iswhat the depth of philosophy is.)
112. A simile that has been absorbed into the forms of our languageproduces a false appearance which disquiets us. “But this isn’t how itis!” a we say. “Yet this is how it has to be!” |48|
113. “But this is how it is a a a”, I say to myself over and over again. I feel as though, if only I could ﬁx my gaze absolutely sharplyon this fact and get it into focus, I could not but grasp the essence ofthe matter.
114. Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus(4.5): “The general form ofpropositions is: This is how things are.” —– That is the kind of pro-position one repeats to oneself countless times. One thinks that one istracing nature over and over again, and one is merely tracing roundthe frame through which we look at it.
115. A picture held us captive. And we couldn’t get outside it, for it lay in our language, and language seemed only to repeat it to us inexorably.
116. When philosophers use a word a “knowledge”, “being”,“object”, “I”, “proposition/sentence”, “name” a and try to grasp the essence of the thing, one must always ask oneself: is the word ever actually used in this way in the language in which it is at home? aWhat we do is to bring words back from their metaphysical to theireveryday use.
117. I am told: “You understand this expression, don’t you? Well thena I’m using it with the meaning you’re familiar with.” As if the mean-ing were an aura the word brings along with it and retains in everykind of use.(If, for example, someone says that the sentence “This is here” (say-ing which he points to an object in front of him) makes sense to him,then he should ask himself in what special circumstances this sentenceis actually used. There it does make sense.)
118. Where does this investigation get its importance from, given thatit seems only to destroy everything interesting: that is, all that is greatand important? (As it were, all the buildings, leaving behind only bitsof stone and rubble.) But what we are destroying are only houses of cards,and we are clearing up the ground of language on which they stood.
119. The results of philosophy are the discovery of some piece of plainnonsense and the bumps that the understanding has got by running upagainst the limits of language. They a these bumps a make us see thevalue of that discovery.
120. When I talk about language (word, sentence, etc.), I must speakthe language of every day. So is this language too coarse, too material,for what we want to say? Well then, how is another one to be |49| con-structed? a And how extraordinary that we should be able to do any-thing at all with the one we have!In giving explanations, I already have to use language full-blown (notsome sort of preparatory, provisional one); this is enough to show thatI can come up only with externalities about language.Yes, but then how can these observations satisfy us? a Well, yourvery questions were framed in this language; they had to be expressedin this language, if there was anything to ask!And your scruples are misunderstandings.Your questions refer to words; so I have to talk about words.People say: it’s not the word that counts, but its meaning, thinkingof the meaning as a thing of the same kind as the word, even thoughdifferent from the word. Here the word, there the meaning. Themoney, and the cow one can buy with it. (On the other hand, however:money, and what can be done with it.)
121. One might think: if philosophy speaks of the use of the word “philosophy”, there must be a second-order philosophy. But that’s not the way it is; it is, rather, like the case of orthography, which dealswith the word “orthography” among others without then being second-order.
122. A main source of our failure to understand is that we don’t havean overview of the use of our words. a Our grammar is deﬁcient insurveyability. A surveyable representation produces precisely that kindof understanding which consists in ‘seeing connections’. Hence the impor-tance of ﬁnding and inventing intermediate links.The concept of a surveyable representation is of fundamental sign-iﬁcance for us. It characterizes the way we represent things, how welook at matters. (Is this a ‘Weltanschauung’?)
123. A philosophical problem has the form: “I don’t know my wayabout.”
124. Philosophy must not interfere in any way with the actual use oflanguage, so it can in the end only describe it.For it cannot justify it either.It leaves everything as it is.It also leaves mathematics as it is, and no mathematical discoverycan advance it. A “leading problem of mathematical logic” is for us aproblem of mathematics like any other. |50|
125. It is not the business of philosophy to resolve a contradiction bymeans of a mathematical or logico-mathematical discovery, but to ren-der surveyable the state of mathematics that troubles us a the state ofaffairs before the contradiction is resolved. (And in doing this one isnot sidestepping a difﬁculty.)Here the fundamental fact is that we lay down rules, a technique,for playing a game, and that then, when we follow the rules, thingsdon’t turn out as we had assumed. So that we are, as it were, entan-gled in our own rules.This entanglement in our rules is what we want to understand: thatis, to survey.It throws light on our concept of meaning something. For in thosecases, things turn out otherwise than we had meant, foreseen. That isjust what we say when, for example, a contradiction appears: “That’snot the way I meant it.”The civic status of a contradiction, or its status in civic life a that isthe philosophical problem.
126. Philosophy just puts everything before us, and neither explains nordeduces anything. a Since everything lies open to view, there is noth-ing to explain. For whatever may be hidden is of no interest to us.The name “philosophy” might also be given to what is possible beforeall new discoveries and inventions.
127. The work of the philosopher consists in marshalling recollectionsfor a particular purpose.
128. If someone were to advance theses in philosophy, it would neverbe possible to debate them, because everyone would agree to them.
129. The aspects of things that are most important for us are hiddenbecause of their simplicity and familiarity. (One is unable to notice some-thing a because it is always before one’s eyes.) The real foundations oftheir inquiry do not strike people at all. Unless that fact has at sometime struck them. a And this means: we fail to be struck by what, onceseen, is most striking and most powerful.
130. Our clear and simple language-games are not preliminary studiesfor a future regimentation of language a as it were, ﬁrst approxima-tions, ignoring friction and air resistance. Rather, the language-games stand there as objects of comparison which, through similaritiesand dissimilarities, are meant to throw light on features of our lan-guage. |51|
131. For we can avoid unfairness or vacuity in our assertions only by presenting the model as what it is, as an object of comparison a asa sort of yardstick; not as a preconception to which reality mustcorrespond. (The dogmatism into which we fall so easily in doing philosophy.)
132. We want to establish an order in our knowledge of the use of lan-guage: an order for a particular purpose, one out of many possible orders,not the order. For this purpose we shall again and again emphasize dis-tinctions which our ordinary forms of language easily make us over-look. This may make it appear as if we saw it as our task to reformlanguage.Such a reform for particular practical purposes, an improvement inour terminology designed to prevent misunderstandings in practice, maywell be possible. But these are not the cases we are dealing with. Theconfusions which occupy us arise when language is, as it were, idling,not when it is doing work.
133. We don’t want to reﬁne or complete the system of rules for theuse of our words in unheard-of ways.For the clarity that we are aiming at is indeed complete clarity. Butthis simply means that the philosophical problems should completelydisappear.The real discovery is the one that enables me to break off philosoph-izing when I want to. a The one that gives philosophy peace, so thatit is no longer tormented by questions which bring itself in question.a Instead, a method is now demonstrated by examples, and the seriesof examples can be broken off. —– Problems are solved (difﬁculties elim-inated), not a single problem.There is not a single philosophical method, though there areindeed methods, different therapies, as it were. |§133d|
134. Let’s examine the sentence “This is how things are”. a How canI say that this is the general form of propositions? a It is ﬁrst and fore-most itself a sentence, an English sentence, for it has a subject and apredicate. But how is this sentence applied a that is, in our everydaylanguage? For I got it from there, and nowhere else.We say, for example, “He explained his position to me, said that thiswas how things were, and that therefore he needed an advance”. Sofar, then, one can say that this sentence stands for some statement orother. It is employed as a propositional schema, but only because it hasthe |52| construction of an English sentence. One could easily sayinstead “such-and-such is the case”, “things are thus-and-so”, and soon. One could also simply use a letter, a variable, as in symbolic logic.But surely no one is going to call the letter “p” the general form ofpropositions. To repeat: “This is how things are” had that role onlybecause it is itself what one calls an English sentence. But though it isa sentence, still it gets used as a propositional variable. To say that itagrees (or does not agree) with reality would be obvious nonsense, andso it illustrates the fact that one feature of our concept of a proposi-tion is sounding like one.
135. But haven’t we got a concept of what a proposition is, of whatwe understand by “proposition”? a Indeed, we do; just as we also havea concept of what we understand by “game”. Asked what a proposi-tion is a whether it is another person or ourselves that we have to answera we’ll give examples, and these will include what one may call an induc-tive series of propositions. So, it is in this way that we have a conceptof a proposition. (Compare the concept of a proposition with the con-cept of number.)
136. At bottom, giving “This is how things are” as the general formof propositions is the same as giving the explanation: a proposition iswhatever can be true or false. For instead of “This is how things are”,I could just as well have said “Such-and-such is true”. (Or again, “Such-and-such is false”.) But‘p’ is true = p‘p’ is false = not-p.And to say that a proposition is whatever can be true or false amountsto saying: we call something a proposition if in our language we applythe calculus of truth functions to it.Now it looks as if the explanation a a proposition is whatever can be true or false a determined what a proposition was, by saying:what ﬁts the concept ‘true’, or what the concept ‘true’ ﬁts, is a pro-position. So it is as if we had a concept of true and false, which we could use to ascertain what is, and what is not, a proposition. What engages with the concept of truth (as with a cog-wheel) is a proposition.But this is a bad picture. It is as if one were to say “The chess kingis the piece that one puts in check”. But this can mean no more thanthat in our game of chess only the king is put in check. Just as the pro-position that only a proposition can be true can say no more than |53|that we predicate “true” and “false” only of what we call a proposi-tion. And what a proposition is, is in one sense determined by the rulesof sentence formation (in English, for example), and in another senseby the use of the sign in the language-game. And the use of the words“true” and “false” may also be a constituent part of this game; and wetreat it as belonging to our concept ‘proposition’, but it doesn’t ‘ﬁt’ it.As we might also say, check belongs to our concept of the chess king(as, so to speak, a constituent part of it). To say that check did not ﬁtour concept of the pawns would mean that a game in which pawnswere checked, in which, say, the player who lost his pawns lost the game,would be uninteresting or stupid or too complicated or something ofthe kind.
137. What about learning to determine the subject of a sentence by meansof the question “Who or what . . . ?” a Here, surely, there is such athing as the subject’s ‘ﬁtting’ this question; for otherwise how shouldwe ﬁnd out what the subject was by means of the question? We ﬁnd itout much as we ﬁnd out which letter of the alphabet comes after ‘K’by saying the alphabet up to ‘K’ to ourselves. Now in what sense does‘L’ ﬁt this series of letters? a In that sense “true” and “false” could besaid to ﬁt propositions; and a child might be taught to distinguish propo-sitions from other expressions by being told “Ask yourself if you cansay ‘is true’ after it. If these words ﬁt, it’s a proposition”. (And in thesame way one might have said: Ask yourself if you can put the words“This is how things are:” in front of it.)
138. But can’t the meaning of a word that I understand ﬁt the sense ofa sentence that I understand? Or the meaning of one word ﬁt the mean-ing of another? —– Of course, if the meaning is the use we make ofthe word, it makes no sense to speak of such ﬁtting. But we understandthe meaning of a word when we hear or say it; we grasp the meaningat a stroke, and what we grasp in this way is surely something differ-ent from the ‘use’ which is extended in time! |54|Must I know whether I understand a word? Don’t I also some-times think I understand a word (as I may think I understand amethod of calculation) and then realize that I did not understandit? (“I thought I knew what ‘relative’ and ‘absolute’ motionmeant, but I see that I don’t know.”) |p. 53 n.|
139. When someone says the word “cube” to me, for example, I knowwhat it means. But can the whole use of the word come before my mindwhen I understand it in this way?Yes; but on the other hand, isn’t the meaning of the word also deter-mined by this use? And can these ways of determining meaningconﬂict? Can what we grasp at a stroke agree with a use, ﬁt or fail toﬁt it? And how can what is present to us in an instant, what comesbefore our mind in an instant, ﬁt a use?What really comes before our mind when we understand a word? aIsn’t it something like a picture? Can’t it be a picture?Well, suppose that a picture does come before your mind when youhear the word “cube”, say the drawing of a cube. In what way can thispicture ﬁt or fail to ﬁt a use of the word “cube”? a Perhaps you say:“It’s quite simple; if that picture occurs to me and I point to a trian-gular prism for instance, and say it is a cube, then this use of the worddoesn’t ﬁt the picture.” a But doesn’t it ﬁt? I have purposely so cho-sen the example that it is quite easy to imagine a method of projectionaccording to which the picture does ﬁt after all.The picture of the cube did indeed suggest a certain use to us, but itwas also possible for me to use it differently. |55|(a) “I believe the right word in this case is. . . .” Doesn’t this showthat the meaning of a word is a Something that we have in ourmind and which is, as it were, the exact picture we want to usehere? Suppose I were choosing between the words “stately”,“digniﬁed”, “proud”, “imposing”; isn’t it as though I werechoosing between drawings in a portfolio? a No; the fact that one speaks of the apt word does not show the existence of a Something that . . . One is inclined, rather, to speak of this picture-like Something because one can ﬁnd a word apt; becauseone often chooses between words as between similar but not identical pictures; because pictures are often used instead ofwords, or to illustrate words, and so on.(b) I see a picture; it represents an old man walking up a steeppath leaning on a stick. a How? Might it not have looked justthe same if he had been sliding downhill in that position? Perhapsa Martian would describe the picture so. I don’t need to explainwhy we don’t describe it so. |p. 54 n.|
140. Then what was the nature of my mistake a the mistake one wouldlike to express by saying “I thought the picture forced a particular useon me?” How could I think that? What did I think? Is there a picture,or something like a picture, that forces a particular application on us;so that my mistake amounted to a confusion? a For we might also beinclined to express ourselves like this: we’re at most under a psycho-logical, not a logical, compulsion. And now, indeed, it looks as if weknew of two kinds of case.What was the effect of my argument? It called our attention to(reminded us of) the fact that there are other processes, besides the onewe originally thought of, which we should sometimes be prepared tocall “applying the picture of a cube”. So our ‘belief that the pictureforced a particular application upon us’ consisted in the fact that onlythe one case and no other occurred to us. “There is another solutionas well” means: there is something else that I’m also prepared to calla “solution”, to which I’m prepared to apply such-and-such a picture,such-and-such an analogy, and so on.What is essential now is to see that the same thing may be in our minds when we hear the word and yet the application still be different. Has it the same meaning both times? I think we would denythat.
141. But what if not just the picture of the cube, but also the methodof projection, comes before our mind? —– How am I to imagine this?a Perhaps I see before me a schema showing the method of projection:say, a picture of two cubes connected by lines of projection. a But doesthis really get me any further? Can’t I now imagine different applica-tions of this schema too? —– Well, yes, but can’t an application comebefore my mind? a It can: only we need to become clearer about ourapplication of this expression. Suppose I explain various methods ofprojection to someone, so that he may go on to apply them; let’s askourselves in what case we’d say that the method I mean comes beforehis mind.Now evidently we accept two different kinds of criteria for this: onthe one hand, the picture (of whatever kind) that he visualizes at sometime or other; on the other, the application which a in the course oftime a he makes of this image. (And isn’t it obvious here that it is abso-lutely inessential that this picture be in his imagination, rather than infront of him as a drawing or model; or again, as something that hehimself constructs as a model?) |56|Can there be a clash between picture and application? Well, they canclash in so far as the picture makes us expect a different use; becausepeople in general apply this picture like this.I want to say: we have here a normal case and abnormal cases.
142. It is only in normal cases that the use of a word is clearly laid outin advance for us; we know, are in no doubt, what we have to say inthis or that case. The more abnormal the case, the more doubtful itbecomes what we are to say. And if things were quite different fromwhat they actually are —– if there were, for instance, no characteristicexpression of pain, of fear, of joy; if rule became exception, and excep-tion rule; or if both became phenomena of roughly equal frequency —–our normal language-games would thereby lose their point. a The pro-cedure of putting a lump of cheese on a balance and ﬁxing the priceby the turn of the scale would lose its point if it frequently happenedthat such lumps suddenly grew or shrank with no obvious cause. Thisremark will become clearer when we discuss such things as the relationof expression to feeling, and similar topics.What we have to mention in order to explain the signiﬁcance, Imean the importance, of a concept are often extremely general factsof nature: such facts as are hardly ever mentioned because of theirgreat generality. |p. 56 n.|
143. Let’s now examine the following kind of language-game: when A gives an order, B has to write down series of signs according to acertain formation rule.Let the ﬁrst of these series be that of the natural numbers in the decimal system. a How does he come to understand this system? Firstof all, series of numbers are written down for him, and he is requiredto copy them. (Don’t balk at the expression “series of numbers”; it is not being used wrongly here.) And here already there is a normaland an abnormal learner’s reaction. a At ﬁrst, perhaps, we guide hishand in writing out the series 0 to 9; but then the possibility of com-munication will depend on his going on to write it down by himself.a And here we may imagine, for example, that he does copy the ﬁguresby himself, but not in the right order: he writes sometimes one, some-times another, at random. And at that point communication stops. aOr again, he makes ‘mistakes’ |57|in the order. a The differencebetween this and the ﬁrst case will of course be one of frequency. a Orhe makes a systematic mistake; for example, he copies every other num-ber, or he copies the series 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, . . .like this: 1, 0, 3, 2, 5, 4, . . . . Here we shall almost be tempted to say that he has understoodus wrongly.Notice, however, that there is no sharp distinction between a ran-dom and a systematic mistake. That is, between what you are inclinedto call a “random” and what a “systematic” one.Perhaps it is possible to wean him from the systematic mistake (asfrom a bad habit). Or perhaps one accepts his way of copying and triesto teach him the normal one as an offshoot, a variant of his. a Andhere too, our pupil’s ability to learn may come to an end.
144. What do I mean when I say “the pupil’s ability to learn may cometo an end here”? Do I report this from my own experience? Of coursenot. (Even if I have had such experience.) Then what am I doing withthat remark? After all, I’d like you to say: “Yes, it’s true, one couldimagine that too, that might happen too!” a But was I trying to drawsomeone’s attention to the fact that he is able to imagine that? —– Iwanted to put that picture before him, and his acceptance of the pictureconsists in his now being inclined to regard a given case differently: thatis, to compare it with this sequence of pictures. I have changed his wayof looking at things. (Indian mathematicians: “Look at this!”)
145. Suppose the pupil now writes the series 0 to 9 to our satisfac-tion. a And this will be the case only if he is often successful, not ifhe does it right once in a hundred attempts. Now I continue to guidehim through the series and draw his attention to the recurrence of theﬁrst series in the units; and then to its recurrence in the tens. (Whichmeans only that I use particular emphases, underline ﬁgures, write themone under another in such-and-such ways, and similar things.) a Andnow at some point he continues the series by himself a or he does not. a But why do you say that? That much is obvious! a Of course;I only wished to say: the effect of any further explanation depends onhis reaction.Now, however, let us suppose that after some efforts on the teacher’spart he continues the series correctly, that is, as we do it. So now wecan say that he has mastered the system. a But how far does he haveto continue |58| the series correctly for us to be able rightly to say that?Clearly, you cannot state a limit here.
146. Suppose I now ask: “Has he understood the system if he contin-ues the series to the hundredth place?” Or, if I shouldn’t speak of ‘under-standing’ in our primitive language-game: has he got the system if hecontinues the series correctly up to this point? a Perhaps you will sayhere: to have got the system (or again, to understand it) can’t consistin continuing the series up to this or that number: that is only apply-ing one’s understanding. Understanding itself is a state which is the sourceof the correct use.What is one really thinking of here? Isn’t one thinking of the deriva-tion of a series from its algebraic formula? Or at least of somethinganalogous? a But this is where we were before. We can indeed thinkof more than one application of an algebraic formula; and while everymode of application can in turn be formulated algebraically, this, ofcourse, does not get us any further. a The application is still a crite-rion of understanding.
147. “But how can it be? When I say I understand the rule of a series,I’m surely not saying so on the basis of the experience of having appliedthe algebraic formula in such-and-such a way! In my own case at anyrate, I surely know that I mean such-and-such a series, no matter howfar I’ve actually developed it.” aSo you mean that you know the application of the rule of the seriesquite apart from remembering actual applications to particular num-bers. And you’ll perhaps say: “Of course! For the series is inﬁnite, andthe bit of it that I could develop ﬁnite.”
148. But what does this knowledge consist in? Let me ask: When doyou know that application? Always? Day and night? Or only while youare actually thinking of the rule of the series? Do you know it, that is,in the same way as you know the alphabet and the multiplication table?Or is what you call ‘knowledge’ a state of consciousness or a processa say a thinking-of-something, or the like?
149. If one says that knowing the ABC is a state of the mind, one isthinking of a state of an apparatus of the mind (perhaps a state of thebrain) by means of which we explain the manifestations of that know-ledge. Such a state is called a disposition. But it is not unobjectionableto speak |59| of a state of the mind here, inasmuch as there would thenhave to be two different criteria for this: ﬁnding out the structure ofthe apparatus, as distinct from its effects. (Nothing would be more con-fusing here than to use the words “conscious” and “unconscious” forthe contrast between a state of consciousness and a disposition. For thispair of terms covers up a grammatical difference.)(a) “Understanding a word”: a state. But a mental state? a Wecall dejection, excitement, pain, mental states. Carry out a gram-matical investigation as follows: we say“He felt dejected the whole day”“He was in great excitement the whole day”“He has been in pain uninterruptedly since yesterday”. aWe also say, “Since yesterday I have understood this word.”‘Uninterruptedly’, though? a To be sure, one can speak of an inter-ruption of understanding. But in what cases? Compare: “Whendid your pains get less?” and “When did you stop understandingthat word?”(b) What if one asked: When can you play chess? All the time?Or just while you are making a move? And the whole of chessduring each move? a And how odd that being able to play chessshould take such a short time, and a game so much longer! |p. 59 n.|
150. The grammar of the word “know” is evidently closely related tothe grammar of the words “can”, “is able to”. But also closely relatedto that of the word “understand”. (To have ‘mastered’ a technique.)
151. But there is also this use of the word “know”: we say “Now Iknow!” a and similarly, “Now I can do it!” and “Now I understand!”Let us imagine the following example: A writes down series of num-bers; B watches him and tries to ﬁnd a rule for the number series. Ifhe succeeds, he exclaims: “Now I can go on!” —– So this ability, thisunderstanding, is something that occurs in a moment. So let us have alook: what is it that occurs here? a A has written down the numbers1, 5, 11, 19, 29; at this point B says he knows how to go on. What hap-pened here? Various things may have happened; for example, while Awas slowly writing down one number after another, B was busy tryingout various algebraic formulae on the numbers which had been writ-ten down. After A had written the number 19, B tried the formula an = n2 + n − 1; and the next number conﬁrmed his supposition. |60|Or again, B does not think of formulae. He watches, with a certainfeeling of tension, how A writes his numbers down, while all sorts ofvague thoughts ﬂoat through his head. Finally he asks himself, “Whatis the series of differences?” He ﬁnds: 4, 6, 8, 10, and says: “Now I cango on.”Or he watches and says, “Yes, I know that series” a and continuesit, just as he would have done if A had written down the series 1, 3, 5,7, 9. a Or he says nothing at all and simply continues the series. Perhapshe had what may be called the feeling “That’s easy!” (Such a feelingis, for example, that of a light quick intake of breath, as when one isslightly startled.)
152. But are the processes which I’ve described here understanding?“B understands the system behind the series” surely doesn’t mean simply: the formula “an = . . .” occurs to B. For it is perfectly con-ceivable that the formula should occur to him and that he should nev-ertheless not understand. “He understands” must have more to it than: the formula occurs to him. And equally, more than any of thosemore or less characteristic concomitant processes or manifestations ofunderstanding.
153. Now we try to get hold of the mental process of understandingwhich seems to be hidden behind those coarser, and therefore more read-ily visible, concomitant phenomena. But it doesn’t work; or, more cor-rectly, it does not get as far as a real attempt. For even supposing I hadfound something that happened in all those cases of understanding, whyshould that be the understanding? Indeed, how can the process of under-standing have been hidden, given that I said “Now I understand” becauseI did understand? And if I say it is hidden a then how do I know whatI have to look for? I am in a muddle.
154. But wait! a if “Now I understand the system” does not mean thesame as “The formula . . . occurs to me” (or “I utter the formula”, “Iwrite it down”, etc.) a does it follow from this that I employ the sen-tence “Now I understand” or “Now I can go on” as a description ofa process occurring behind or side by side that of uttering the formula?If something has to stand ‘behind the utterance of the formula’, it isparticular circumstances, which warrant my saying that I can go on aif the formula occurs to me. |61|Just for once, don’t think of understanding as a ‘mental process’ atall! a For that is the way of talking which confuses you. Instead, askyourself: in what sort of case, in what kind of circumstances, do wesay “Now I know how to go on”? I mean, if the formula has occurredto me. aIn the sense in which there are processes (including mental pro-cesses) which are characteristic of understanding, understanding is nota mental process.(A pain’s increasing or decreasing, listening to a tune or a sentencea mental processes.)
155. So, what I wanted to say was: if he suddenly knew how to go on,if he understood the system, then he may have had a distinctive expe-rience a and if he is asked: “What was it? What took place when yousuddenly grasped the system?”, perhaps he will describe it much as wedescribed it above —– but for us it is the circumstances under which hehad such an experience that warrant him saying in such a case that heunderstands, that he knows how to go on.
156. This will become clearer if we interpolate an examination ofanother word: namely, “reading”. First I must note that I’m not count-ing the understanding of what is read as part of ‘reading’ for purposesof this examination: reading is here the activity of rendering out loudwhat is written or printed; but also of writing from dictation, copyingsomething printed, playing from sheet music, and so on.The use of this word in the circumstances of our ordinary life is of course extremely familiar to us. But the part the word plays in our life, and so too the language-game in which we employ it, wouldbe difﬁcult to describe even in rough outline. A person, let’s say anEnglishman, has received at school or at home one of the kinds of instruc-tion usual among us, and in the course of it has learned to read his native language. Later he reads books, letters, newspapers, and soforth.Now what goes on when, say, he reads a newspaper? —– His eye passes a as we say a along the printed words; he says them outloud a or only to himself; that is, he reads certain words by taking in their printed shapes as wholes, others when his eye has taken in the ﬁrst syllables; others again he reads syllable by syllable, and an occasional one perhaps letter by letter. a We would also say that hehad read a sentence if he spoke neither aloud nor to himself during the reading, but was afterwards able to repeat the sentence word forword or nearly so. a He may attend to what he reads, or again a aswe |62| might put it a function as a mere reading-machine: I mean, readaloud and correctly without attending to what he is reading; perhapswith his attention on something quite different (so that he is unable to say what he has been reading if he is asked about it immediatelyafterwards).Now compare a beginner with this reader. The beginner reads thewords by laboriously spelling them out. a Some words, however, heguesses from the context, or perhaps he already partly knows the pas-sage by heart. Then his teacher says that he is not really reading thewords (and in certain cases that he is only pretending to read them).If we think of this sort of reading, the reading of a beginner, and askourselves what reading consists in, we’ll be inclined to say: it is a dis-tinctive conscious mental activity.We also say of the pupil: “Of course, only he knows if he is reallyreading or merely saying the words off by heart.” (We’ve yet to discussthese propositions: “Only he knows . . .”)But I want to say: we have to admit that a as far as concerns utter-ing any one of the printed words a the same thing may take place inthe mind of the pupil who is ‘pretending’ to read as in that of a prac-tised reader who is ‘reading’ it. The word “read” is applied differentlywhen we are speaking of the beginner and of the practised reader. —–Now we would, of course, like to say: What goes on in the practisedreader and in the beginner when they utter the word can’t be the same.And if there is no difference in what they are currently conscious of,there must be one in the unconscious workings of their minds, or, again,in the brain. a So we’d like to say: There are, at any rate, two differ-ent mechanisms here! And what goes on in them must distinguish read-ing from not reading. a But these mechanisms are only hypotheses, modelsto explain, to sum up, what you observe.
157. Consider the following case: we use human beings, or creaturesof some other kind, as reading-machines. They are trained for this pur-pose. The trainer says of some that they can already read, of othersthat they cannot yet do so. Take the case of a pupil who has so far notparticipated in the training: if he is shown a written word, he will some-times produce random sounds, and now and again the sounds will ‘acci-dentally’ come out roughly right. A third person hears this pupil onsuch an occasion and says, “He is reading”. But the teacher says, “No,he isn’t reading; that was just an accident”. a But let’s suppose thatthis pupil continues to react correctly to further words |63| that are putbefore him. After a while, the teacher says, “Now he can read!” a Butwhat of that ﬁrst word? Is the teacher to say, “I was wrong, he didread it after all” a or, “He only began really to read later on”? a Whendid he begin to read? Which was the ﬁrst word that he read? This question makes no sense here. Unless, indeed, we stipulate: “The ﬁrstword that a person ‘reads’ is the ﬁrst word of the ﬁrst series of 50 wordsthat he reads correctly” (or something of the sort).If, on the other hand, we use “reading” to stand for a certain expe-rience of transition from marks to spoken sounds, then it certainly makessense to speak of the ﬁrst word that he really read. He can then say,for example, “At this word, for the ﬁrst time, I had the feeling: ‘nowI am reading’.”Or again, in the different case of a reading-machine which translatedmarks into sounds, perhaps as a pianola does, it would be possible tosay: “The machine read only after such-and-such had happened to ita after such-and-such parts had been connected by wires; the ﬁrst wordthat it read was . . .”But in the case of the live reading-machine, “reading” meant: reacting to written signs in such-and-such ways. So this concept wasquite independent of that of a mental or other mechanism. a Nor canthe teacher here say of the trainee, “Perhaps he was already readingwhen he said that word”. For there is no doubt about what he did. a The change when the pupil began to read was a change in hisbehaviour; and it makes no sense here to speak of ‘a ﬁrst word in his new state’.
158. But isn’t that only because of our too slight acquaintance with whatgoes on in the brain and the nervous system? If we had a more accu-rate knowledge of these things, we would see what connections wereestablished by the training, and then when we looked into his brain,we would be able to say: “Now he has read this word, now the read-ing connection has been set up.” —– And it presumably must be likethat a for otherwise how could we be so sure that there was such aconnection? That it is so is presumably a priori a or is it only probable?And how probable is it? Now, ask yourself: what do you know aboutthese things? —– But if it is a priori, that means that it is a form ofrepresentation which is very appealing to us.
159. But when we think the matter over, we’re tempted to say: the onereal criterion for anybody’s reading is the conscious act of reading, theact of reading the sounds off from the letters. “A man |64| surely knowswhether he is reading or only pretending to read!” a Suppose A wantsto make B believe that he can read Cyrillic script. He learns a Russiansentence by heart and utters it while looking at the printed words as if he were reading them. Here we’ll surely say that A knows he is notreading, and has a sense of just this while pretending to read. For thereare, of course, many feelings more or less characteristic of reading aprinted sentence; it is not difﬁcult to recall such feelings: think of feel-ings of hesitating, of looking more closerly, of misreading, of words fol-lowing on one another in a more or less familiar fashion, and so on.And equally, there are feelings characteristic of reciting something onehas learnt by heart. In our example, A will have none of the feelingsthat are characteristic of reading, and will perhaps have various feel-ings characteristic of cheating.
160. But imagine the following case: we give someone who can readﬂuently a text that he has never seen before. He reads it to us a butwith the feeling of saying something he has learnt by heart (this mightbe the effect of some drug). Would we say in such a case that he wasnot really reading the passage? That is, would we here allow his feel-ings to count as a criterion for his reading or not reading?Or again, suppose that a man who is under the inﬂuence of a cer-tain drug is presented with a series of written signs (which need notbelong to any existing alphabet). He utters words corresponding to thenumber of the signs, as if they were letters, and does so with all theoutward characteristics and feelings of reading. (We have experienceslike this in dreams; after waking up in such a case, one says perhaps:“It seemed to me as if I were reading signs, though they weren’t reallysigns at all.”) In such a case, some people would be inclined to say theman was reading those signs. Others, that he was not. a Suppose hehas in this way read (or interpreted) a set of ﬁve signs as A B O V Ea and now we show him the same signs in the reverse order and he reads E V O B A; and in further tests he always retains the sameinterpretation of the signs: here we may well be inclined to say that hewas making up an alphabet for himself ad hoc and then readingaccordingly.
161. Remember too that there is a continuous series of transitional casesbetween that in which a person repeats from memory what he is sup-posed to be reading and that in which he spells out every word with-out being helped at all by guessing from the context or knowing byheart. |65|Try this experiment: say the numbers from 1 to 12. Now look at thedial of your watch and read them. a What was it that you called “read-ing” in the latter case? That is to say, what did you do, to make it intoreading?
162. Let us try the following explanation: someone is reading if he derivesthe reproduction from the original. And what I call the ‘original’ is thetext which he reads or copies, the dictation from which he writes, the score from which he plays, and so on. a Now suppose, for example, that we have taught someone the Cyrillic alphabet and howto pronounce each letter. Next we put a passage before him and he readsit, pronouncing every letter as we have taught him. In this case, we’llprobably say that he derives the sound of a word from the written pattern by the rule that we have given him. And this too is a clear case of reading. (We might say that we had taught him the ‘rule of thealphabet’.)But why do we say that he has derived the spoken from the printedwords? Do we know anything more than that we taught him how eachletter should be pronounced, and that he then read the words out loud?Perhaps our reply will be: the pupil shows that he is using the rule wehave given him to take the step from the printed to the spoken words.a How this can be shown becomes clearer if we change our exampleto one in which the pupil has to copy out the text instead of readingit out, has to go from print to handwriting. For in this case, we cangive him the rule in the form of a table with printed letters in one col-umn and cursive letters in the other. And that he is deriving his writ-ing from print is shown by his consulting the table.
163. But suppose that when he did this, he always wrote b for A, c forB, d for C, and so on, and a for Z? a Surely we’d call this too a deriva-tion by means of the table. a He is using it now, we might say, accord-ing to the second schema in §86 instead of the ﬁrst.It would still be a case of derivation according to the table, even if it were represented by a schema of arrows without any simple regularity.Suppose, however, that he does not stick to a single way of transcribing,but alters it according to a simple rule: if he has once written n for A,then he writes o for the next A, p for the next, and so on. a But whereis the boundary between this procedure and a random one? |66|But does this mean that the word “derive” really has no meaning,since the meaning seems to dissolve into nothing when we follow itthrough?
164. In case (162) the meaning of the word “derive” stood out clearly.But we told ourselves that this was only a quite special case of deriving:deriving in quite special clothing, which had to be stripped from it ifwe wanted to see the essence of deriving. So we stripped off those par-ticular coverings; but then deriving itself disappeared. In order to ﬁndthe real artichoke, we divested it of its leaves. For (162) was, to be sure,a special case of deriving; what is essential to deriving, however, wasnot hidden here beneath the exterior, but this ‘exterior’ was one caseout of the family of cases of deriving.And in the same way, we also use the word “read” for a family ofcases. And in different circumstances we apply different criteria for aperson’s reading.
165. But surely a we’d like to say a reading is a quite particular pro-cess! Read a page of print, and you can see that; there is somethingspecial going on, something highly characteristic. —– Well, what doesgo on when I read the page? I see printed words, and I utter words.But, of course, that is not all, for I might see printed words and utterwords, and still not be reading. Even if the words which I utter arethose which, according to an existing alphabet, are supposed to be readoff from the printed ones. a And if you say that reading is a particu-lar experience, then it becomes quite unimportant whether or not youread according to some generally recognized alphabetical rule. a So whatdoes the characteristic thing about the experience of reading consist in?a Here I’d like to say: “The words that I utter come in a distinctiveway.” That is, they do not come as they would if I were, for example,making them up. a They come of themselves. a But even that is notenough; for the sounds of words may occur to me while I am lookingat printed words, but that does not mean that I have read them. aIn addition, I might say here, neither do the spoken words occur to me as if, say, something reminded me of them. I should, for example,not wish to say: the printed word “nothing” always reminds me of thesound “nothing”. Rather, the spoken words, as it were, slip in as one|67| reads. Indeed, I can’t even look at a printed English word withoutthat peculiar process occurring of inwardly hearing the sound of theword.The grammar of the expression “a quite particular” (atmosphere).One says “This face has a quite particular expression,” and per-haps looks for words to characterize it. |p. 66 n.|
166. I said that when one reads, the spoken words come ‘in a dis-tinctive way’: but in what way? Isn’t this a ﬁction? Let’s look at individual letters and attend to the way the sound of the letter comes.Read the letter A. a Now, how did the sound come? a We have noidea what to say about it. —– Now write a small Roman a! a Howdid the movement of the hand come as you wrote? Differently fromthe way the sound came when you tried previously? a I looked at theprinted letter and wrote the cursive letter; that’s all I know. —– Now look at the sign , and let a sound occur to you as you do so; then utter it. The sound ‘U’ occurred to me; but I could not claim that there was any essential difference in the kind of way that sound came. The difference lay in the somewhat different situation. I told myselfpreviously that I was to think of a sound; there was a certain tensionpresent before the sound came. And I did not say ‘U’ automatic-ally as I do when I look at the letter U. Further, that mark was notfamiliar to me in the way the letters of the alphabet are. I looked at it, as it were, expectantly, with a certain interest in its shape; as I looked, I thought of a reversed sigma. —– Imagine having to use thismark regularly as a letter; so that you get used to uttering a particularsound at the sight of it, say the sound “sh”. Can we say anything butthat, after a while, this sound comes automatically when we look atthe sign? That is to say, I no longer ask myself on seeing it, “What sortof letter is that?” a nor, of course, do I tell myself, “At this sign I’llutter the sound ‘sh’ ”, nor yet “This sign somehow reminds me of thesound ‘sh’ ”.(Compare with this the idea that memory-images are distinguishedfrom other mental images by some special characteristic.)
167. Now what is there in the claim that reading is ‘a quite particularprocess’? It presumably means that whenever we read, one particularprocess takes place, which we recognize. a But suppose that I at onetime read a sentence from print and at another write it from Morsecode a is the mental process really the same? —– On the other hand,there is surely some uniformity in the experience of reading a page ofprint. For the process is a uniform one. And it is quite easy to under-stand that there is a difference between this process and one of, say,coming up with words at the sight of arbitrary signs. a For the merelook of a printed line is itself extremely |68| characteristic a it presents,that is, a quite special appearance, the letters all roughly the same size,akin in shape too, and always recurring; most of the words constantlyrepeated and immensely familiar to us, like well-known faces. a Thinkof the uneasiness we feel when the spelling of a word is changed. (Andof the still deeper feelings that questions about the spelling of wordshave aroused.) Of course, not every kind of sign has made a deep impres-sion on us. A sign in the algebra of logic, for instance, can be replacedby any other one without exciting deep feelings in us. aRemember that the look of a word is familiar to us in much the sameway as its sound.
168. Again, our eye passes over printed lines differently from the wayit passes over arbitrary pothooks and squiggles. (But I am not speak-ing here of what can be found out by observing the movement of the eyes of a reader.) The glance slides, one would like to say, entirelyunimpeded, without becoming snagged, and yet it doesn’t skid. And atthe same time involuntary speech goes on in the imagination. That ishow it is when I read English and other languages, printed or written,and in various letterings. a But what in all this is essential to readingas such? Not any one feature that occurs in all cases of reading.(Compare what goes on while reading ordinary print with reading wordswhich are printed entirely in capital letters, as solutions of puzzles sometimes are. How different it is! a Or reading our script from rightto left.)
169. But when we read, don’t we feel the look of the words somehowcausing our utterance? —– Read a sentence. a And now look alongthe following sequenceand utter a sentence as you do so. Can’t one feel that in the ﬁrst casethe utterance was connected with seeing the signs and in the secondwent on side by side with the seeing without any connection?But why do you say that we felt a causing? Causation is surely some-thing established by experiments, by observing a regular concurrenceof events, for example. So how could I say that I feel something whichis found out in this way by experiment? (It is indeed true that obser-vation of regular concurrence is not the only way we establish causa-tion.) One might rather say, I feel that the letters are the reason why Iread such-and-such. For if someone asks me, “Why |69| do you read itthis way?” a I justify it by the letters which are there.But what is it supposed to mean: to feel the justiﬁcation that I utteredor thought? I’d like to say: when I read, I feel a certain inﬂuence of theletters on me —– but I feel no inﬂuence on what I say from that seriesof arbitrary squiggles. a Let’s once more compare an individual letterwith such a squiggle. Would I also say I feel the inﬂuence of “i” whenI read it? It does of course make a difference whether I say “i” whenI see “i” or when I see “”. The difference is, roughly, that when Isee the letter, it’s automatic for me inwardly to hear the sound “i”, evenagainst my will, and that I pronounce the letter with less effort whenI read it than when I am looking at “”. That is to say: this is howit is when I try; but of course it is not so if I happen to be looking atthe mark “” and at the same time pronounce a word in which thesound “i” occurs.
170. We’d never have hit on the idea that we felt the inﬂuence of theletters on us when reading had we not compared the case of letters withthat of arbitrary marks. And here we do indeed notice a difference. Andwe interpret it as the difference between inﬂuence and absence ofinﬂuence.And we’re especially inclined towards this interpretation when we makea point of reading slowly a perhaps in order to see what does happenwhen we read. When we, so to speak, more or less deliberately let our-selves be guided by the letters. But this ‘letting myself be guided’ in turnconsists only in my looking carefully at the letters a and perhaps exclud-ing certain other thoughts.We imagine that a feeling enables us to perceive, as it were, a con-necting mechanism between the look of the word and the sound thatwe utter. For when I speak of the experiences of being inﬂuenced, ofcausation, of being guided, that is really supposed to mean that I, soto say, feel the movement of the levers which connect the appearanceof the letters with speaking.
171. I might have used various words to hit off the experience I havewhen I read a word. So I might say that the written word intimates thesound to me. a Or again, that when one reads, letter and sound forma unity a as it were an alloy. (A similar fusion occurs, for example,between the faces of famous men and the sound of their names. |70| Itseems to us that this name is the only right one for this face.) Once Ifeel this unity, I might say that I see or hear the sound in the writtenword. aBut now, just read a few sentences in print as you usually do whenyou are not thinking about the concept of reading, and ask yourselfwhether you had such experiences of unity, of being inﬂuenced, and soon, as you read. a Don’t say you had them unconsciously! Nor shouldwe be misled by the picture of these phenomena coming forth ‘on closerinspection’. If I’m supposed to describe how an object looks from faroff, I don’t make the description more accurate by saying what can benoticed about the object on closer inspection.
172. Let’s consider the experience of being guided, and ask ourselves:what does this experience consist in when, for example, our steps areguided? a Imagine the following cases:You’re in a playground with your eyes blindfolded, and someone leadsyou by the hand, sometimes left, sometimes right; you have constantlyto be ready for the tug of his hand, and must also take care not tostumble when he gives an unexpected tug.Or again, someone leads you by the hand where you are unwillingto go, by force.Or you’re guided by a partner in a dance; you make yourself as recep-tive as possible, in order to guess his intention and obey the slightestpressure.Or someone leads you along a footpath; you’re having a conversa-tion; you go wherever he does.Or you walk along a track in a ﬁeld, letting yourself be guided by it.All these situations are similar to one another; but what is commonto all the experiences?
173. “But being guided is surely a particular experience!” a Theanswer to this is: you’re now thinking of a particular experience of beingguided.If I want to picture to myself the experience of the person in one ofthe earlier examples, whose writing is guided by the printed text andthe table, I imagine his ‘conscientious’ looking-up, and so on. As I dothis, I even assume a particular facial expression (say, that of a consci-entious bookkeeper). Carefulness is a most essential part of this pic-ture; in another, the exclusion of every volition of one’s own would beessential. (But take something that normal people do with all the signsof carelessness, and imagine someone accompanying it with the expres-sion a and why not the |71| feelings? a of great carefulness. a Is hethen careful? Imagine a servant dropping the tea-tray and everythingon it with all the outward signs of carefulness.) If I picture to myselfsuch a particular experience, it seems to me to be the experience of beingguided (or of reading). But now I ask myself: what are you doing? aYou look at every letter, you make this face, you write the letters delib-erately (and so on). a So that is the experience of being guided? —–Here I should like to say: “No, it isn’t that; it is something more inward,more essential.” a It is as if at ﬁrst all these more or less inessentialprocesses were shrouded in a particular atmosphere, which dissipateswhen I look closely.
174. Ask yourself how you ‘deliberately’ draw a line parallel to a givenone a and another time, deliberately, one at an angle to it. What is theexperience of doing something deliberately? Here a particular look, agesture, at once occur to you a and then you would like to say: “Andit just is a particular inner experience.” (And by this, of course, yousay nothing at all.)(There is here a connection with the inquiry into the nature of inten-tion, of the will.)
175. Make some arbitrary doodle on a bit of paper. —– And now makea copy next to it, let yourself be guided by it. —– I’d like to say: “Sureenough, I let myself be guided here. But what was characteristic in whathappened? a If I say what happened, it no longer seems to me to becharacteristic.”But now notice this: while I let myself be guided, everything is quitesimple, I notice nothing special; but afterwards, when I ask myself whatit was that happened, it seems to have been something indescribable.Afterwards no description satisﬁes me. It’s as if I couldn’t believe thatI merely looked, made such-and-such a face, and drew a line. But do I remember anything else? No; and yet I feel as if there must have been something else; in particular when I say “guidance”, “inﬂuence”,and other such words to myself. “For surely”, I tell myself, “I was being guided.” a Only then does the idea of that ethereal, intangibleinﬂuence arise.
176. When I look back on the experience, I have the feeling that whatis essential about it is an ‘experience of being inﬂuenced’, of connec-tion a as opposed to any mere simultaneity of phenomena: but at thesame time, I’d not be willing to call any experience of a phenomenonthe “experience of being inﬂuenced”. |72| (Hence the idea that the willis not a phenomenon.) I’d like to say that I had experienced the‘because’, and yet I don’t want to call any phenomenon an “experienceof the because”.
177. I’d like to say, “I experience the because”. Not because I remem-ber such an experience, but because when I reﬂect on what I experi-ence in such a case, I look at it through the medium of the concept‘because’ (or ‘inﬂuence’ or ‘cause’ or ‘connection’). a For it is, of course,correct to say that I drew the line under the inﬂuence of the original:this, however, does not consist simply in my feelings as I drew the linea rather, under certain circumstances, it may consist in my drawing itparallel to the other a even though this in turn is not in general essen-tial to being guided. a
178. We also say, “You can see that I let myself be guided by it” a andwhat does someone who sees this see?When I say to myself, “Surely I am guided”, I make, say, a move-ment with my hand that expresses guidance . a Make such a move-ment of the hand as if you were guiding someone along, and then askyourself what the guiding character of this movement consists in. Foryou were not guiding anyone. But you still want to call the movementone of ‘guiding’. So this movement, and feeling, did not contain theessence of guiding, and yet you were impelled to use this word. It isprecisely through its being one form of guidance that the expressionforces itself on us.
179. Let us return to our case (151). It is clear that we wouldn’t saythat B had a right to say the words “Now I know how to go on” justbecause the formula occurred to him a unless experience showed thatthere was a connection between the formula’s occurring to him (his say-ing it, writing it down) and his actually continuing the series. And obvi-ously such a connection does exist. a And now one might think thatthe sentence “I can go on” meant “I have an experience which is empir-ically known to lead to continuing the series”. But does B mean thatwhen he says he can continue? Does that sentence come to his mind,or is he ready to produce it in explanation of what he means?No. The words “Now I know how to go on” were correctly used whenthe formula occurred to him: namely, under certain circumstances. Forexample, if he had learnt algebra, had used such formulae before. aBut that does not mean that his statement is only short for a descrip-tion of all the circumstances which set the stage for our language-game.a Think how we learn to use the expressions “Now I know how to go|73| on”, “Now I can go on”, and others; in what family of language-games we learn their use.We can also imagine the case where nothing at all occurred in B’s mind except that he suddenly said “Now I know how to go on” a perhaps with a feeling of relief; and that he did in fact go on work-ing out the series without using the formula. And in this case too we should say a in certain circumstances a that he did know how togo on.
180. This is how these words are used. It would be quite misleading,in this last case, for instance, to call the words a “description of a men-tal state”. Rather, one could here call them a “signal”; and we judgewhether it was rightly applied by what he goes on to do.
181. In order to understand this, we need also to consider the follow-ing: suppose B says he knows how to go on a but when he wants togo on, he hesitates and can’t do it. Are we then to say that it was wrongof him to say he could go on; or rather, that he was able to go on then,only now is not? a Clearly, we shall say different things in differentcases. (Consider both kinds of case.)
182. The grammar of “to ﬁt”, “to be able” and “to understand”.Exercises: (1) When is a cylinder C said to ﬁt into a hollow cylinderH? Only as long as C is inside H? (2) Sometimes one says that: C hasceased to ﬁt into H at such-and-such a time. What criteria are used insuch a case for its having happened at that time? (3) What does oneregard as criteria for a body’s having changed its weight at a particu-lar time, if it was not actually on the balance at that time? (4) YesterdayI knew the poem by heart; today I no longer know it. In what kind ofcase does it make sense to ask, “When did I stop knowing it by heart?”(5) Someone asks me, “Can you lift this weight?” I answer, “Yes”. Nowhe says, “Do it!” a and I can’t. In what kind of circumstances wouldone accept the excuse “When I answered ‘yes’ I could do it, only nowI can’t”?The criteria which we accept for ‘ﬁtting’, ‘being able to’, ‘under-standing’, are much more complicated than might appear at ﬁrst sight.That is, the game with these words, their use in the linguistic intercoursethat is carried on by their means, is more involved a the role of thesewords in our language is other than we are tempted to think.(This role is what we need to understand in order to resolve philo-sophical paradoxes. And that’s why deﬁnitions usually aren’t enoughto |74| resolve them; and even less so the statement that a word is‘indeﬁnable’.)
183. Now then, did the sentence “Now I can go on” in case (151) meanthe same as “Now the formula has occurred to me”, or something dif-ferent? We may say that in these circumstances the one sentence hasthe same sense (comes to the same thing) as the other. But also that ingeneral, these two sentences do not have the same sense. We do say,“Now I can go on, I mean I know the formula,” as we say “I can walk,I mean I have time”; but also “I can walk, I mean I am already strongenough”; or “I can walk, as far as the state of my leg is concerned”,that is, when we are contrasting this condition for walking with others.But here we must be on our guard against thinking that there is sometotality of conditions corresponding to the nature of each case (for example, for a person’s walking) so that, as it were, he could not butwalk if they were all fulﬁlled.
184. I want to remember a tune, and it escapes me; suddenly I say, “Now I know it”, and I sing it. What was it like suddenly to know it? Surely it can’t have occurred to me in its entirety in that moment!a Perhaps you will say: “It’s a particular feeling, as if it were now there” a but is it now there? Suppose I then begin to sing it and getstuck? —– But may I not have been certain at that moment that I knewit? So in some sense or other it was there after all! —– But in what sense? Perhaps you would say that the tune was there if, for example,someone sang it through, or rehearsed it in his imagination from begin-ning to end. I am not, of course, denying that the statement that thetune is there can also be given a quite different sense a for example,that I have a bit of paper on which it is written. a And what does hisbeing ‘certain’ he knows it consist in? a Of course, one can say: if some-one says with conviction that now he knows the tune, then it is (some-how) present to his mind in its entirety at that moment —– and this isan explanation of the words “the tune is present to his mind in itsentirety”.
185. Let us return to our example (143). Now, judged by the usual cri-teria, the pupil has mastered the series of natural numbers. Next weteach him to write down other series of cardinal numbers and get himto the point of writing down, say, series of the form0, n, 2n, 3n, etc.at an order of the form “+ n”; so at the order “+ 1” he writes |75| downthe series of natural numbers. a Let’s suppose we have done exercises,and tested his understanding up to 1000.Then we get the pupil to continue one series (say “+ 2”) beyond 1000a and he writes 1000, 1004, 1008, 1012.We say to him, “Look what you’re doing!” a He doesn’t understand.We say, “You should have added two: look how you began the series!”a He answers, “Yes, isn’t it right? I thought that was how I had to doit.” —– Or suppose he pointed to the series and said, “But I did go onin the same way”. a It would now be no use to say, “But can’t yousee . . . ?” a and go over the old explanations and examples for himagain. In such a case, we might perhaps say: this person ﬁnds it nat-ural, once given our explanations, to understand our order as we wouldunderstand the order “Add 2 up to 1000, 4 up to 2000, 6 up to 3000,and so on”.This case would have similarities to that in which it comes naturallyto a person to react to the gesture of pointing with the hand by look-ing in the direction from ﬁngertip to wrist, rather than from wrist toﬁngertip.
186. “What you are saying, then, comes to this: a new insight a intu-ition a is needed at every step to carry out the order ‘+n’ correctly.”a To carry it out correctly! How is it decided what is the right step totake at any particular point? a “The right step is the one that is inaccordance with the order a as it was meant.” a So when you gavethe order “+ 2”, you meant that he was to write 1002 after 1000 a anddid you then also mean that he should write 1868 after 1866, and 100036after 100034, and so on a an inﬁnite number of such sentences? a “No;what I meant was, that he should write the next but one number afterevery number that he wrote; and from this, stage by stage, all thosesentences follow.” a But that is just what is in question: what, at anystage, does follow from that sentence. Or, again, what at any stage weare to call “being in accordance” with it (and with how you then meantit a whatever your meaning it may have consisted in). It would almostbe more correct to say, not that an intuition was needed at every point,but that a new decision was needed at every point.
187. “But I already knew, at the time when I gave the order, that heshould write 1002 after 1000.” a Certainly; and you may even say youmeant it then; only you shouldn’t let yourself be misled by the gram-mar of the words “know” and “mean”. For you don’t |76| mean thatyou thought of the step from 1000 to 1002 at that time a and even ifyou did think of this step, still, you didn’t think of other ones. Your “Ialready knew at the time . . .” amounts to something like: “If I had thenbeen asked what number he should write after 1000, I would have replied‘1002’.” And that I don’t doubt. This is an assumption of much the samesort as “If he had fallen into the water then, I would have jumped inafter him”. a Now, what was wrong with your idea?
188. Here I’d like to say ﬁrst of all: your idea was that this meaningthe order had in its own way already taken all those steps: that in mean-ing it, your mind, as it were, ﬂew ahead and took all the steps beforeyou physically arrived at this or that one.So you were inclined to use such expressions as “The steps are reallyalready taken, even before I take them in writing or in speech or inthought”. And it seemed as if they were in some unique way predeter-mined, anticipated a in the way that only meaning something couldanticipate reality.
189. “But are the steps then not determined by the algebraic formula?”a The question contains a mistake.We use the expression “The steps are determined by the formula . . .”.How is the expression used? a We may perhaps mention that peopleare brought by their education (training) so to use the formula y = x2,that they all work out the same number for y when they substitute thesame number for x. Or we may say: “These people are so trained thatthey all take the same step at the same point when they receive the order‘+3’.” We might express this by saying “For these people the order ‘+3’completely determines every step from one number to the next”. (Bycontrast with other people who do not know what they are to do onreceiving this order, or who react to it with perfect certainty, but eachone in a different way.)On the other hand, we may contrast different kinds of formula, and the different kinds of use (different kinds of training) appropriateto them. Then we call formulae of a particular kind (with the appro-priate method of use) “formulae which determine a number y for a given value of x”, and formulae of another kind, ones which “do notdetermine the number y for a given value of x”. (y = x2 would be of the ﬁrst kind, y ≠ x2 of the second.) The sentence “The formula . . .determines a number y” will then be a statement about |77| the formof the formula a and now a sentence such as “The formula which I have written down determines y”, or “Here is a formula which determines y”, is to be distinguished from a sentence of the followingkind: “The formula y = x2 determines the number y for a given valueof x.” The question “Is the formula written down there one that deter-mines y?” will then mean the same as “Is what is there a formula ofthis kind or that?” a but it is not clear offhand what we are to makeof the question “Is y = x2 a formula which determines y for a given x?”One might address this question to a pupil in order to test whether heunderstands the use of the word “to determine”; or it might be a math-ematical problem to prove in a particular system that x has only onesquare.
190. One may then say: “How the formula is meant determines whichsteps are to be taken.” What is the criterion for how the formula ismeant? It is, for example, the kind of way we always use it, were taughtto use it.We say, for instance, to someone who uses a sign unknown to us:“If by ‘x!2’ you mean x2, then you get this value for y, if you mean 2x,that one.” a Now ask yourself: how does one do it a mean the onething or the other by “x!2”?In this way, then, meaning something can determine the steps inadvance.
191. “It is as if we could grasp the whole use of the word at a stroke.”Like what, for example? a Can’t the use a in a certain sense a be graspedat a stroke? And in what sense can’t it? a It is indeed as if we could‘grasp it at a stroke’ in a much more direct sense. a But have you amodel for this? No. It is just that this mode of expression suggests itselfto us. As a result of the crossing of different pictures.
192. You have no model of this inordinate fact, but you are seducedinto using a super-expression. (It might be called a philosophicalsuperlative.)
193. A machine as a symbol of its mode of operation. The machine, Imight say for a start, seems already to contain its own mode of opera-tion. What does that mean? a If we know the machine, everything else a that is the movements it will make a seem to be already com-pletely determined.We talk as if these parts could only move in this way, as if they couldnot do anything else. Is this how it is? Do we forget the possibility of their bending, breaking off, melting, and so on? Yes; in many cases|78| we don’t think of that at all. We use a machine, or a picture of amachine, as a symbol of a particular mode of operation. For instance,we give someone such a picture and assume that he will derive the suc-cessive movements of the parts from it. (Just as we can give someonea number by telling him that it is the twenty-ﬁfth in the series 1, 4, 9,16, . . . )“The machine seems already to contain its own mode of operation”means: we are inclined to compare the future movements of themachine in their deﬁniteness to objects which have been lying in a drawerand which we now take out. —– But we don’t say this kind of thingwhen it is a matter of predicting the actual behaviour of a machine.Then we do not in general forget the possibility of a distortion of theparts and so on. —– We do talk like that, however, when we are won-dering at the way we can use a machine as a symbol of some way ofmoving a since it can, after all, also move quite differently.We might say that a machine, or a picture of it, is the ﬁrst of a seriesof pictures which we have learnt to derive from this one.But when we reﬂect that the machine could also have moved differ-ently, it may now look as if the way it moves must be contained in themachine qua symbol still more determinately than in the actualmachine. As if it were not enough for the movements in question to beempirically predetermined, but they had to be really a in a mysterioussense a already present. And it is quite true: the movement of the machinequa symbol is predetermined in a different way from how the move-ment of any given actual machine is.
194. When does one have the thought that a machine already containsits possible movements in some mysterious way? a Well, when one isdoing philosophy. And what lures us into thinking that? The kind ofway in which we talk about the machine. We say, for example, that themachine has (possesses) such-and-such possibilities of movement; we speakof an ideally rigid machine which can move only thus-and-so. —– Thepossibility of movement a what is it? It is not the movement, but itdoes not seem to be a mere physical condition for moving either a suchas there being play between socket and pin, the pin’s not ﬁtting tootight in the socket. For while this is empirically a condition for move-ment, one could also imagine things to be otherwise. The possibility ofa movement is supposed, rather, to be like a shadow of the movementitself. But do you know of any such shadow? And by a shadow I donot mean some picture of the movement a for such a |79| picture wouldnot have to be a picture of just this movement. But the possibility ofthis movement must be the possibility of just this movement. (See howhigh the seas of language run here!)The waves subside as soon as we ask ourselves: how do we use thephrase “possibility of movement” when we are talking about a givenmachine? —– But then where did these strange ideas come from? Well,I show you the possibility of a movement, say by means of a pictureof the movement, ‘So possibility is something which is similar to real-ity’. We say, “It isn’t moving yet, but it already has the possibility ofmoving” —– ‘so possibility is something very near reality’. Though wemay doubt whether such-and-such a physical condition makes this move-ment possible, we never discuss whether this is the possibility of thisor of that movement: ‘so the possibility of the movement stands in aunique relation to the movement itself; closer than that of a picture toits subject’; for it can be doubted whether a picture is the picture ofthis or that subject. We say, “Experience will show whether this givesthe pin this possibility of movement”, but we do not say, “Experiencewill show whether this is the possibility of this movement”; ‘so it is nota matter of experience that this possibility is the possibility of just thismovement’.Though we do pay attention to the way we talk about these matters,we don’t understand it, but misinterpret it. When we do philosophy,we are like savages, primitive people, who hear the way in which civ-ilized people talk, put a false interpretation on it, and then draw theoddest conclusions from this.
195. “But I don’t mean that what I do now (in grasping the whole useof a word) determines the future use causally and as a matter of expe-rience, but that, in a strange way, the use itself is in some sense pre-sent.” a But of course it is, ‘in some sense’! Really, the only thing wrongwith what you say is the expression “in an odd way”. The rest is right;and the sentence seems odd only when one imagines it to belong to a different language-game from the one in which we actually use it.(Someone once told me that as a child he had been amazed that a tailor could ‘sew a dress’ a he thought this meant that a dress was produced by sewing alone, by sewing one thread on to another.)
196. In misunderstanding the use of the word, one takes it to signifyan odd process. (As one thinks of time as a strange medium, of themind as an odd kind of being.) |80|
197. “It’s as if we could grasp the whole use of a word at a stroke.”a Well, that is just what we say we do. That is, we sometimes describewhat we do in these words. But there is nothing astonishing, nothingstrange, about what happens. It becomes strange when we are led tothink that the future development must in some way already be pre-sent in the act of grasping the use and yet isn’t present. a For we saythat there isn’t any doubt that we understand the word, and on the otherhand that its meaning lies in its use. There is no doubt that I now wantto play chess, but chess is the game it is in virtue of all its rules (andso on). Don’t I know, then, which game I want to play until I haveplayed it? Or is it, rather, that all the rules are contained in my act ofintending? Is it experience that tells me that this sort of game usuallyfollows such an act of intending? So can’t I actually be sure what Iintended to do? And if that is nonsense a what kind of super-rigid con-nection obtains between the act of intending and the thing intended?—– Where is the connection effected between the sense of the words“Let’s play a game of chess” and all the rules of the game? a Well, inthe list of rules of the game, in the teaching of it, in the everyday prac-tice of playing.
198. “But how can a rule teach me what I have to do at this point?After all, whatever I do can, on some interpretation, be made compat-ible with the rule.” a No, that’s not what one should say. Rather, this:every interpretation hangs in the air together with what it interprets,and cannot give it any support. Interpretations by themselves do notdetermine meaning.“So is whatever I do compatible with the rule?” a Let me ask this:what has the expression of a rule a say a signpost a got to do withmy actions? What sort of connection obtains here? a Well, this one,for example: I have been trained to react in a particular way to thissign, and now I do so react to it.But with this you have pointed out only a causal connection; onlyexplained how it has come about that we now go by the signpost; notwhat this following-the-sign really consists in. Not so; I have furtherindicated that a person goes by a signpost only in so far as there is anestablished usage, a custom.
199. Is what we call “following a rule” something that it would be pos-sible for only one person, only once in a lifetime, to do? a And this is, of course, a gloss on the grammar of the expression “to follow arule”. |81|It is not possible that there should have been only one occasion onwhich only one person followed a rule. It is not possible that there shouldhave been only one occasion on which a report was made, an order givenor understood, and so on. a To follow a rule, to make a report, to givean order, to play a game of chess, are customs (usages, institutions).To understand a sentence means to understand a language. To under-stand a language means to have mastered a technique.
200. It is, of course, imaginable that two people belonging to a tribeunacquainted with games should sit at a chessboard and go throughthe moves of a game of chess; and even with all the mental accompani-ments. And if we were to see it, we’d say that they were playing chess.But now imagine a game of chess translated according to certain rulesinto a series of actions which we do not ordinarily associate with a gamea say into yells and stamping of feet. And now suppose those two peo-ple to yell and stamp instead of playing the form of chess that we areused to; and this in such a way that what goes on is translatable bysuitable rules into a game of chess. Would we still be inclined to saythat they were playing a game? And with what right could one say so?
201. This was our paradox: no course of action could be determinedby a rule, because every course of action can be brought into accordwith the rule. The answer was: if every course of action can be broughtinto accord with the rule, then it can also be brought into conﬂict withit. And so there would be neither accord nor conﬂict here.That there is a misunderstanding here is shown by the mere fact thatin this chain of reasoning we place one interpretation behind another,as if each one contented us at least for a moment, until we thought ofyet another lying behind it. For what we thereby show is that there isa way of grasping a rule which is not an interpretation, but which, fromcase to case of application, is exhibited in what we call “following therule” and “going against it”.That’s why there is an inclination to say: every action according toa rule is an interpretation. But one should speak of interpretation onlywhen one expression of a rule is substituted for another.
202. That’s why ‘following a rule’ is a practice. And to think one isfollowing a rule is not to follow a rule. And that’s why it’s not possibleto follow a rule ‘privately’; otherwise, thinking one was following a rulewould be the same thing as following it. |82|
203. Language is a labyrinth of paths. You approach from one side andknow your way about; you approach the same place from another sideand no longer know your way about.
204. As things are, I can, for example, invent a game that is never playedby anyone. a But would the following be possible too: mankind hasnever played any games; once though, someone invented a game a which,however, was never played?
205. “But that is just what is remarkable about intention, about themental process, that the existence of a custom, of a technique, is not necessary to it. That, for example, it is imaginable that two peopleshould play a game of chess, or even only the beginning of a game ofchess, in a world in which otherwise no games existed a and then beinterrupted.”But isn’t chess deﬁned by its rules? And how are these rules presentin the mind of someone who intends to play chess?
206. Following a rule is analogous to obeying an order. One is trainedto do so, and one reacts to an order in a particular way. But what ifone person reacts to the order and training thus, and another other-wise? Who is right, then?Suppose you came as an explorer to an unknown country with a lan-guage quite unknown to you. In what circumstances would you say thatthe people there gave orders, understood them, obeyed them, rebelledagainst them, and so on?Shared human behaviour is the system of reference by means of whichwe interpret an unknown language.
207. Let’s imagine that the people in that country carried on usual humanactivities and in the course of them employed, apparently, an articulatelanguage. If we watch their activities, we ﬁnd them intelligible, they seem‘logical’. But when we try to learn their language, we ﬁnd it imposs-ible to do so. For there is no regular connection between what they say,the sounds they make, and their activities; but still these sounds are notsuperﬂuous, for if, for example, we gag one of these people, this hasthe same consequences as with us: without those sounds their actionsfall into confusion a as I feel like putting it.Are we to say that these people have a language: orders, reports, andso on?There is not enough regularity for us to call it “language”.
208. Then am I explaining what “order” and “rule” mean in terms of“regularity”? a How do I explain the meaning of “regular”, “uniform”,|83| “same” to anyone? a I’ll explain these words to someone who, say,speaks only French by means of the corresponding French words. Butif a person has not yet got the concepts, I’ll teach him to use the wordsby means of examples and by exercises. a And when I do this, I donot communicate less to him than I know myself.In the course of this teaching, I’ll show him the same colours, thesame lengths, the same shapes; I’ll make him ﬁnd them and producethem; and so on. For example, I’ll teach him to continue an ornamen-tal pattern ‘uniformly’ when told to do so. a And also to continue pro-gressions. That is, for example, when given: . .. ... to go on: .... ..... ...... . I do it, he does it after me; and I inﬂuence him by expressions ofagreement, rejection, expectation, encouragement. I let him go his way,or hold him back; and so on.Imagine witnessing such teaching. None of the words would beexplained by means of itself; there would be no logical circle.The expressions “and so on”, “and so on ad inﬁnitum”, are alsoexplained in this teaching. A gesture, among other things, might serve this purpose. The gesture that means “go on like this” or “andso on” has a function comparable to that of pointing to an object ora place.A distinction is to be drawn between the “and so on” which is andthe “and so on” which is not an abbreviated notation. “And so on adinf.” is not such an abbreviation. The fact that we cannot write downall the digits of π is not a human shortcoming, as mathematicians some-times think.Teaching which is not meant to apply to anything but the examplesgiven is different from that which ‘points beyond’ them.
209. “But then doesn’t our understanding reach beyond all examples?”a A very curious expression, and a quite natural one! aBut is that all? Isn’t there a deeper explanation; or at least, mustn’tthe understanding of the explanation be deeper? a Well, have I myselfa deeper understanding? Have I got more than I give in the explana-tion? a But then, whence the feeling that I have more?Is it like the case where I interpret what is not limited as a lengththat reaches beyond every length?
210. “But do you really explain to the other person what you yourselfunderstand? Don’t you leave it to him to guess the essential thing? You give him examples a but he has to guess their drift, to guess your|84| intention.” a Every explanation which I can give myself I give to him too. a “He guesses what I mean” would amount to: “variousinterpretations of my explanation come to his mind, and he picks one of them”. So in this case he could ask; and I could and would answer him.
211. “No matter how you instruct him in continuing the ornamentalpattern, how can he know how he is to continue it by himself?” a Well,how do I know? —– If that means “Have I reasons?”, the answer is:my reasons will soon give out. And then I shall act, without reasons.
212. When someone of whom I am afraid orders me to continue a series,I act quickly, with perfect assurance, and the lack of reasons does nottrouble me.
213. “But this initial segment of a series could obviously be variouslyinterpreted (for example, by means of algebraic expressions), so youmust ﬁrst have chosen one such interpretation.” a Not at all! A doubtwas possible in certain circumstances. But that is not to say that I diddoubt, or even could doubt. (What is to be said about the psycholo-gical ‘atmosphere’ of a process is connected with that.)Only intuition could have removed this doubt? a If intuition is aninner voice a how do I know how I am to follow it? And how do Iknow that it doesn’t mislead me? For if it can guide me right, it canalso guide me wrong.( (Intuition an unnecessary evasion.) )
214. If an intuition is necessary for continuing the series 1 2 3 4 . . . ,then also for continuing the series 2 2 2 2 . . .
215. But isn’t at least the same the same?For identity we seem to have an infallible paradigm: namely, in theidentity of a thing with itself. I feel like saying: “Here at any rate therecan’t be different interpretations. If someone sees a thing, he sees iden-tity too.”Then are two things the same when they are what one thing is? Andhow am I to apply what the one thing shows me to the case of twothings?
216. “A thing is identical with itself.” a There is no ﬁner example ofa useless sentence, which nevertheless is connected with a certain playof the imagination. It is as if in our imagination we put a thing into itsown shape and saw that it ﬁtted. |85|We might also say: “Every thing ﬁts into itself.” a Or again: “Everything ﬁts into its own shape.” While saying this, one looks at a thingand imagines that there was a space left for it and that now it ﬁts intoit exactly.Does this spot ‘ﬁt’ into its white surrounding? a But that is justhow it would look if there had at ﬁrst been a hole in its place and itthen ﬁtted into the hole. So when we say “it ﬁts”, we are describingnot simply this picture, not simply this situation.“Every coloured patch ﬁts exactly into its surrounding” is a some-what specialized form of the law of identity.
217. “How am I able to follow a rule?” a If this is not a question aboutcauses, then it is about the justiﬁcation for my acting in this way incomplying with the rule.Once I have exhausted the justiﬁcations, I have reached bedrock, andmy spade is turned. Then I am inclined to say: “This is simply what I do.”(Remember that we sometimes demand explanations for the sake notof their content, but of their form. Our requirement is an architecturalone; the explanation a kind of sham corbel that supports nothing.)
218. Whence the idea that the beginning of a series is a visible sectionof rails invisibly laid to inﬁnity? Well, we might imagine rails insteadof a rule. And inﬁnitely long rails correspond to the unlimited appli-cation of a rule.
219. “All the steps are really already taken” means: I no longer haveany choice. The rule, once stamped with a particular meaning, tracesthe lines along which it is to be followed through the whole of space.—– But if something of this sort really were the case, how would it help me?No; my description made sense only if it was to be understood symbolically. a I should say: This is how it strikes me.When I follow the rule, I do not choose.I follow the rule blindly.
220. But what is the purpose of that symbolical sentence? It was sup-posed to highlight a difference between causal and logical dependence.
221. My symbolical expression was really a mythological descriptionof the use of a rule. |86|
222. “The line intimates to me the way I am to go.” a But that is, ofcourse, only a picture. And if I judged that it intimated this or that, asit were, irresponsibly, I wouldn’t say that I was following it like a rule.
223. One does not feel that one has always got to wait upon the nod(the prompt) of the rule. On the contrary, we are not on tenterhooksabout what it will tell us next, but it always tells us the same, and wedo what it tells us.One might say to the person one was training: “Look, I always dothe same thing: I . . .”
224. The word “accord” and the word “rule” are related to oneanother; they are cousins. If I teach anyone the use of the one word,he learns the use of the other with it.
225. The use of the word “rule” and the use of the word “same” areinterwoven. (As are the use of “proposition” and the use of “true”.)
226. Suppose someone continues the sequence 1, 3, 5, 7, . . . in expand-ing the series 2x − 1. And now he asks himself, “But am I always doingthe same thing, or something different every time?”If, from one day to the next, someone promises: “Tomorrow I’ll cometo see you” a is he saying the same thing every day, or every day some-thing different?
227. Would it make sense to say: “If he did something different everytime, we wouldn’t say he was following a rule”? That makes no sense.
228. “A series presents us with one face!” a All right, but which one?Well, surely, the algebraic one, with a segment of the expansion. Ordoes it have yet another face? a “But surely everything is already con-tained in this one!” a But that is not an observation about the segmentof the series, or about anything that we notice in it; it gives expressionto the fact that all we do is read the lips of the rule and act, withoutappealing to anything else for guidance.
229. I believe that I faintly perceive a pattern in the segment of the series,a characteristic feature, which needs only an “and so on” in order toreach to inﬁnity.
230. “The line intimates to me the way I’m to go” is only a paraphraseof: it is my ﬁnal court of appeal for the way I’m to go.
231. “But, surely you can see . . . !” That’s precisely the characteristicexclamation of someone who is compelled by a rule. |87|
232. Suppose that a rule intimates to me how I’m to follow it; that is,as my eye travels along the line, an inner voice tells me “Draw this way!’a What’s the difference between this process of following a kind of inspi-ration and that of following a rule? For they surely aren’t the same. In the case of inspiration, I await direction. I won’t be able to teachanyone else my ‘technique’ of following the line. Unless, indeed, I teach him some way of listening, some kind of receptivity. But then, ofcourse, I can’t expect him to follow the line in the same way as I do.These aren’t the experiences I have gained from acting from inspira-tion and from acting according to a rule; they’re grammatical remarks.
233. One might also imagine such instruction in a certain kind of arith-metic. Children could then calculate, each in their own way a as longas they listened to their inner voice and followed it. Calculating in thisway would resemble a sort of composing.
234. Wouldn’t it be possible for us, however, to calculate as we actually do (all agreeing, and so on), and still at every step to have afeeling of being guided by the rules as by a spell, astonished perhapsat the fact that we agreed? (Perhaps giving thanks to the Deity for thisagreement.)
235. From this you can see how much there is to the physiognomy ofwhat we call “following a rule” in everyday life.
236. Calculating prodigies who arrive at the correct result but can’t sayhow. Are we to say that they do not calculate? (A family of cases.)
237. Imagine someone following a line that serves him as a rule in thisway: he holds a pair of compasses, and guides one of its points alongthe line that is the ‘rule’, while the other one draws the line that fol-lows the rule. And while he moves along the rule, he alters the open-ing of the compasses, apparently with great precision, looking at therule the whole time as if it determined what he did. And watching him,we see no regularity of any kind in this opening and shutting of thecompasses. We can’t learn his way of following the line from him. Hereperhaps we really would say: “The original seems to intimate to himhow he has to go. But it is not a rule.”
238. The rule can only seem to me to produce all its consequences inadvance if I draw them as a matter of course. As much as it is a mat-ter |88| of course for me to call this colour “blue”. (Criteria for ‘its beinga matter of course’ for me.)
239. How is he to know what colour he is to pick out when he hears“red”? a Quite simple: he is to take the colour whose image occurs tohim when he hears the word. a But how is he to know which colourit is ‘whose image occurs to him’? Is a further criterion needed for that?(There is indeed such a procedure as choosing the colour which occursto one when one hears the word “. . .”.)“ ‘Red’ means the colour that occurs to me when I hear the word‘red’ ” a would be a deﬁnition. Not an explanation of what signifyingsomething by a word essentially is.
240. Disputes do not break out (among mathematicians, say) over thequestion of whether or not a rule has been followed. People don’t cometo blows over it, for example. This belongs to the scaffolding from whichour language operates (for example, yields descriptions).
241. “So you are saying that human agreement decides what is true andwhat is false?” a What is true or false is what human beings say; andit is in their language that human beings agree. This is agreement notin opinions, but rather in form of life.
242. It is not only agreement in deﬁnitions, but also (odd as it may sound)agreement in judgements that is required for communication by meansof language. This seems to abolish logic, but does not do so. a It isone thing to describe methods of measurement, and another to obtainand state results of measurement. But what we call “measuring” is inpart determined by a certain constancy in results of measurement.
243. A human being can encourage himself, give himself orders, obey,blame and punish himself; he can ask himself a question and answerit. So one could imagine human beings who spoke only in monologue,who accompanied their activities by talking to themselves. a Anexplorer who watched them and listened to their talk might succeed intranslating their language into ours. (This would enable him to predictthese people’s actions correctly, for he also hears them making resolu-tions and decisions.)But is it also conceivable that there be a language in which a personcould write down or give voice to his inner experiences a his feelings,moods, and so on a for his own use? —– Well, can’t we do so in ourordinary language? a But that is not what I mean. The |89| words ofthis language are to refer to what only the speaker can know a to hisimmediate private sensations. So another person cannot understand thelanguage.
244. How do words refer to sensations? a There doesn’t seem to be any problem here; don’t we talk about sensations every day, and name them? But how is the connection between the name and the thingnamed set up? This question is the same as: How does a human beinglearn the meaning of names of sensations? For example, of the word“pain”. Here is one possibility: words are connected with the pri-mitive, natural, expressions of sensation and used in their place. A child has hurt himself and he cries; then adults talk to him and teachhim exclamations and, later, sentences. They teach the child new pain-behaviour.“So you are saying that the word ‘pain’ really means crying?” a Onthe contrary: the verbal expression of pain replaces crying, it does notdescribe it.
245. How can I even attempt to interpose language between theexpression of pain and the pain?
246. In what sense are my sensations private? a Well, only I can knowwhether I am really in pain; another person can only surmise it. a Inone way this is false, and in another nonsense. If we are using the word“know” as it is normally used (and how else are we to use it?), thenother people very often know if I’m in pain. a Yes, but all the same,not with the certainty with which I know it myself! a It can’t be saidof me at all (except perhaps as a joke) that I know I’m in pain. Whatis it supposed to mean a except perhaps that I am in pain?Other people cannot be said to learn of my sensations only from mybehaviour a for I cannot be said to learn of them. I have them.This much is true: it makes sense to say about other people that theydoubt whether I am in pain; but not to say it about myself.
247. “Only you can know if you had that intention.” One might tellsomeone this when explaining the meaning of the word “intention” tohim. For then it means: that is how we use it.(And here “know” means that the expression of uncertainty is sense-less.) |90|
248. The sentence “Sensations are private” is comparable to “One playspatience by oneself”.
249. Are we perhaps over-hasty in our assumption that the smile of a baby is not pretence? a And on what experience is our assump-tion based?(Lying is a language-game that needs to be learned like any other one.)
250. Why can’t a dog simulate pain? Is it too honest? Could one teacha dog to simulate pain? Perhaps it is possible to teach it to howl onparticular occasions as if it were in pain, even when it isn’t. But theright surroundings for this behaviour to be real simulation would stillbe missing.
251. What does it mean when we say, “I can’t imagine the opposite ofthis” or “What would it be like if it were otherwise?” a For example,when someone has said that my mental images are private; or that onlyI myself can know whether I am feeling pain; and so forth.Of course, here “I can’t imagine the opposite” doesn’t mean: my pow-ers of imagination are unequal to the task. We use these words to fendoff something whose form produces the illusion of being an empiricalproposition, but which is really a grammatical one.But why do I say: “I can’t imagine the opposite”? Why not: “I can’timagine what you say”?Example: “Every rod has a length.” That means something like: wecall something (or this) “the length of a rod” a but nothing “the lengthof a sphere”. Now can I imagine ‘every rod having a length’? Well, Ijust imagine a rod; and that is all. Only this picture, in connection withthis proposition, has a quite different role from one used in connectionwith the proposition “This table has the same length as the one overthere”. For here I understand what it means to have a picture of theopposite (and it doesn’t have to be a mental picture either).But the picture that goes together with the grammatical propositioncould only show, say, what is called “the length of a rod”. And whatshould the opposite picture be?( (Remark about the negation of an a priori proposition.) )
252. “This body has extension.” To these words we could respond bysaying: “Nonsense!” a but are inclined to reply “Of course!” a Why?|91|
253. “Another person can’t have my pains.” a My pains a what painsare they? What counts as a criterion of identity here? Consider whatmakes it possible in the case of physical objects to speak of “two exactlythe same”: for example, to say, “This chair is not the one you saw hereyesterday, but is exactly the same as it”.In so far as it makes sense to say that my pain is the same as his, itis also possible for us both to have the same pain. (And it would alsobe conceivable that two people feel pain in the same a not just the cor-responding a place. That might be the case with Siamese twins, forinstance.)I have seen a person in a discussion on this subject strike himself onthe breast and say: “But surely another person can’t have this pain!”a The answer to this is that one does not deﬁne a criterion of identityby emphatically enunciating the word “this”. Rather, the emphasis merelycreates the illusion of a case in which we are conversant with such acriterion of identity, but have to be reminded of it.
254. The substitution of “identical” for “the same” (for example) isanother typical expedient in philosophy. As if we were talking aboutshades of meaning, and all that were in question were to ﬁnd words tohit on the correct nuance. And that is in question in philosophy onlywhere we have to give a psychologically accurate account of the temp-tation to use a particular mode of expression. What we are ‘temptedto say’ in such a case is, of course, not philosophy; but it is its rawmaterial. So, for example, what a mathematician is inclined to say aboutthe objectivity and reality of mathematical facts is not a philosophy ofmathematics, but something for philosophical treatment.
255. The philosopher treats a question; like an illness.
256. Now, what about the language which describes my inner experi-ences and which only I myself can understand? How do I use wordsto signify my sensations? a As we ordinarily do? Then are my wordsfor sensations tied up with my natural expressions of sensation? In thatcase my language is not a ‘private’ one. Someone else might understandit as well as I. a But suppose I didn’t have any natural expression ofsensation, but only had sensations? And now I simply associate nameswith sensations, and use these names in descriptions. a |92|
257. “What would it be like if human beings did not manifest their pains(did not groan, grimace, etc.)? Then it would be impossible to teach achild the use of the word ‘toothache’.” a Well, let’s assume that thechild is a genius and invents a name for the sensation by himself! aBut then, of course, he couldn’t make himself understood when he usedthe word. a So does he understand the name, without being able toexplain its meaning to anyone? a But what does it mean to say thathe has ‘named his pain’? a How has he managed this naming of pain?And whatever he did, what was its purpose? a When one says “Hegave a name to his sensation”, one forgets that much must be preparedin the language for mere naming to make sense. And if we speak ofsomeone’s giving a name to a pain, the grammar of the word “pain”is what has been prepared here; it indicates the post where the new wordis stationed.
258. Let’s imagine the following case. I want to keep a diary about therecurrence of a certain sensation. To this end I associate it with the sign“S” and write this sign in a calendar for every day on which I have thesensation. —– I ﬁrst want to observe that a deﬁnition of the sign cannotbe formulated. a But all the same, I can give one to myself as a kindof ostensive deﬁnition! a How? Can I point to the sensation? a Notin the ordinary sense. But I speak, or write the sign down, and at thesame time I concentrate my attention on the sensation a and so, as itwere, point to it inwardly. a But what is this ceremony for? For thatis all it seems to be! A deﬁnition serves to lay down the meaning of asign, doesn’t it? a Well, that is done precisely by concentrating my atten-tion; for in this way I commit to memory the connection between thesign and the sensation. a But “I commit it to memory” can only mean:this process brings it about that I remember the connection correctlyin the future. But in the present case, I have no criterion of correctness.One would like to say: whatever is going to seem correct to me is cor-rect. And that only means that here we can’t talk about ‘correct’.
259. Are the rules of the private language impressions of rules? a Thebalance on which impressions are weighed is not the impression of abalance.
260. “Well, I believe that this is the sensation S again.” a Perhaps youbelieve that you believe it!Then did the man who made the entry in the calendar make a note |93| of nothing whatever? a Don’t consider it a matter of coursethat a person is making a note of something when he makes a mark a say in a calendar. For a note has a function, and this “S” so far has none.(One can talk to oneself. a Is everyone who speaks when no one elseis present talking to himself?)
261. What reason have we for calling “S” the sign for a sensation? For “sensation” is a word of our common language, which is not alanguage intelligible only to me. So the use of this word stands in needof a justiﬁcation which everybody understands. a And it would not help either to say that it need not be a sensation; that when he writes“S” he has Something b and that is all that can be said. But “has” and “something” also belong to our common language. a So in theend, when one is doing philosophy, one gets to the point where onewould like just to emit an inarticulate sound. a But such a sound is anexpression only in a particular language-game, which now has to bedescribed.
262. One might say: someone who has given himself a private explanation of a word must inwardly resolve to use the word in such-and-such a way. And how does he resolve that? Should I assume that he invents the technique of applying the word; or that he found itready-made?
263. “Surely I can (inwardly) resolve to call this ‘pain’ in the future.”a “But is it certain that you have resolved this? Are you sure that itwas enough for this purpose to concentrate your attention on your feel-ing?” a An odd question. a
264. “Once you know what the word signiﬁes, you understand it, youknow its whole application.”
265. Let us imagine a table, something like a dictionary, that exists onlyin our imagination. A dictionary can be used to justify the translationof a word X by a word Y. But are we also to call it a justiﬁcation ifsuch a table is to be looked up only in the imagination? a “Well, yes;then it is a subjective justiﬁcation.” a But justiﬁcation consists inappealing to an independent authority a “But surely I can appeal fromone memory to another. For example, I don’t know if I have remem-bered the time of departure of a train correctly, and to check it I callto mind how a page of the timetable looked. Isn’t this the same sort ofcase?” No; for this procedure must now actually call forth |94| the cor-rect memory. If the mental image of the timetable could not itself betested for correctness, how could it conﬁrm the correctness of the ﬁrstmemory? (As if someone were to buy several copies of today’s morn-ing paper to assure himself that what it said was true.)Looking up a table in the imagination is no more looking up a tablethan the image of the result of an imagined experiment is the result ofan experiment.
266. I can look at a clock to see what time it is. But I can also look atthe dial of a clock in order to guess what time it is; or for the samepurpose move the hands of a clock till their position strikes me as right.So the look of a clock may serve to determine the time in more thanone way. (Looking at a clock in one’s imagination.)
267. Suppose I wanted to justify the choice of dimensions for a bridgewhich I imagine being built, by ﬁrst imagining making loading tests onthe material of the bridge. This would, of course, be to imagine whatis called justifying the choice of dimensions for a bridge. But would wealso call it justifying an imagined choice of dimensions?
268. Why can’t my right hand give my left hand money? a My righthand can put it into my left hand. My right hand can write a deed ofgift, and my left hand a receipt. a But the further practical consequenceswould not be those of a gift. When the left hand has taken the moneyfrom the right, and so forth, one will ask, “Well, and now what?” Andthe same could be asked if a person had given himself a private expla-nation of a word; I mean, if he has said the word to himself and at thesame time has directed his attention to a sensation.
269. Let us remember that there are certain criteria in a man’sbehaviour for his not understanding a word: that it means nothing tohim, that he can do nothing with it. And criteria for his ‘thinking heunderstands’, attaching some meaning to the word, but not the rightone. And lastly, criteria for his understanding the word correctly. In thesecond case, one might speak of a subjective understanding. Andsounds which no one else understands but which I ‘appear to under-stand’ might be called a “private language”.
270. Let us now imagine a use for the entry of the sign “S” in my diary. I ﬁnd out the following from experience: whenever I have a particular sensation, a manometer |95| shows that my blood pressure isrising. This puts me in a position to report that my blood pressure isrising without using any apparatus. This is a useful result. And now itseems quite indifferent whether I’ve recognized the sensation correctlyor not. Suppose that I regularly make a mistake in identifying it, thisdoes not make any difference at all. And this alone shows that the sup-position of this mistake was merely sham. (We, as it were, turned aknob which looked as if it could be used to adjust something in themachine; but it was a mere ornament not connected with the mecha-nism at all.)And what reason do we have here for calling “S” the name of a sen-sation? Perhaps the kind of way this sign is employed in this language-game. a And why a “particular sensation”: that is, the same one everytime? Well, we’re supposing, aren’t we, that we write “S” every time.
271. “Imagine a person who could not remember what the word ‘pain’meant a so that he constantly called different things by that name abut nevertheless used it in accordance with the usual symptoms and pre-suppositions of pain” a in short, he uses it as we all do. Here I’d liketo say: a wheel that can be turned though nothing else moves with itis not part of the mechanism.
272. The essential thing about private experience is really not that eachperson possesses his own specimen, but that nobody knows whetherother people also have this or something else. The assumption wouldthus be possible a though unveriﬁable a that one section of mankindhad one visual impression of red, and another section another.
273. What about the word “red”? a Am I to say that it signiﬁes some-thing ‘confronting us all’, and that everyone should really have anotherword, besides this one, to signify his own impression of red? Or is itlike this: the word “red” signiﬁes something known to us all; and inaddition, for each person, it signiﬁes something known only to him?(Or perhaps, rather: it refers to something known only to him.)
274. Of course, saying that the word “red” “refers to” rather than“signiﬁes” something private does not help us in the least to grasp itsfunction; but it is the more psychologically apt expression for a par-ticular experience in doing philosophy. It is as if, when I uttered theword, I cast a sidelong glance at my own colour impression, as it were, in order to say to myself: I know all right what I mean by theword. |96|
275. Look at the blue of the sky and say to yourself, “How blue thesky is!” a When you do it spontaneously a without philosophical pur-poses a the idea never crosses your mind that this impression of colourbelongs only to you. And you have no qualms about exclaiming thusto another. And if you point at anything as you say the words, it is atthe sky. I mean: you don’t have the pointing-into-yourself feeling thatoften accompanies ‘naming sensations’ when one is thinking about the‘private language’. Nor do you think that really you ought to point atthe colour not with your hand, but with your attention. (Consider what“to point at something with one’s attention” means.)
276. “But don’t we at least mean something quite deﬁnite when we lookat a colour and name our colour impression?” It is virtually as if wedetached the colour impression from the object, like a membrane. (Thisought to arouse our suspicions.)
277. But how is it even possible for one to be tempted to think thatone uses a word to mean at one time the colour known to everyone aand at another time the ‘visual impression’ which I am getting now?How can there be so much as a temptation here? —– I don’t turn thesame kind of attention on the colour in the two cases. When I meanthe colour impression that (as I should like to say) belongs to me alone,I immerse myself in the colour a rather like when I ‘can’t get my ﬁllof a colour’. That’s why it is easier to produce this experience whenone is looking at a bright colour, or at a colour scheme which sticks inour memory.
278. “I know how the colour green looks to me” a surely that makessense! a Certainly; what use of the sentence are you thinking of?
279. Imagine someone saying, “But I know how tall I am!” and layinghis hand on top of his head to indicate it!
280. Someone paints a picture in order to show, for example, how he imagines a stage set. And now I say: “This picture has a double function: it informs others, as pictures or words do —– but for the informant it is in addition a representation (or piece of information?)of another kind: for him it is the picture of his image, as it can’t be foranyone else. His private impression of the picture tells him what he ima-gined, in a sense in which the picture can’t do this for others.” a Andwhat right have I to speak in this second |97| case of a representa-tion or piece of information a if these words were correctly used in theﬁrst case?
281. “But doesn’t what you say amount to this: that there is no pain,for example, without pain-behaviour?” a It amounts to this: that onlyof a living human being and what resembles (behaves like) a living humanbeing can one say: it has sensations; it sees; is blind; hears; is deaf; isconscious or unconscious.
282. “But in a fairy tale a pot too can see and hear!” (Certainly; butit can also talk.)“But a fairy tale only invents what is not the case; it does not talk nonsense, does it?” a It’s not as simple as that. Is it untrue or nonsensical to say that a pot talks? Does one have a clear idea of the circumstances in which we’d say of a pot that it talked? (Even a nonsense poem is not nonsense in the same way as the babble of ababy.)We do indeed say of an inanimate thing that it is in pain: when play-ing with dolls, for example. But this use of the concept of pain is a sec-ondary one. Imagine a case in which people said only of inanimate thingsthat they are in pain; pitied only dolls! (When children play trains, theirgame is connected with their acquaintance with trains. It would never-theless be possible for the children of a tribe unacquainted with trainsto learn this game from others, and to play it without knowing that itwas imitating anything. One could say that the game did not make thesame kind of sense to them as to us.)
283. What gives us so much as the idea that beings, things, can feel?Is it that my education has led me to it by drawing my attention tofeelings in myself, and now I transfer the idea to objects outsidemyself? That I recognize that there is something there (in me) which Ican call “pain” without getting into conﬂict with other people’s usage?a I do not transfer my idea to stones, plants, and so on.Couldn’t I imagine having frightful pains and, while they were going on, turning to stone. Indeed, how do I know, if I shut my eyes,whether I have not turned into a stone? a And if that has happened,in what sense will the stone have pains? In what sense will they be ascribable to a stone? Why indeed should the pain here have a bearerat all?!And can one say of the stone that it has a mind, and that is whathas the pain? What has a mind, what have pains, to do with a stone?|98|Only of what behaves like a human being can one say that it haspains.For one has to say it of a body, or, if you like, of a mind which somebody has. And how can a body have a mind?
284. Look at a stone and imagine it having sensations. a One says tooneself: How could one so much as get the idea of ascribing a sensa-tion to a thing? One might as well ascribe it to a number! a And nowlook at a wriggling ﬂy, and at once these difﬁculties vanish, and painseems able to get a foothold here, where before everything was, so tospeak, too smooth for it.And so, too, a corpse seems to us quite inaccessible to pain. a Ourattitude to what is alive and to what is dead is not the same. All ourreactions are different. a If someone says, “That cannot simply comefrom the fact that living beings move in such-and-such ways and deadones don’t”, then I want to suggest to him that this is a case of thetransition ‘from quantity to quality’.
285. Think of the recognition of facial expressions. Or of the descrip-tion of facial expressions a which does not consist in giving the mea-surements of the face! Think, too, how one can imitate a man’s facewithout seeing one’s own in a mirror.
286. But isn’t it absurd to say of a body that it has pain? —– And whydoes one feel an absurdity in that? In what sense does my hand notfeel pain, but I in my hand?What sort of issue is this: Is it the body that feels pain? a How is itto be decided? How does it become clear that it is not the body? aWell, something like this: if someone has a pain in his hand, then thehand does not say so (unless it writes it), and one does not comfort thehand, but the sufferer: one looks into his eyes.
287. How am I ﬁlled with pity for this human being? How does it comeout what the object of my pity is? (Pity, one may say, is one form ofbeing convinced that someone else is in pain.)
288. I turn to stone, and my pain goes on. a What if I were mistaken,and it was no longer pain? —– But surely I can’t be mistaken here; itmeans nothing to doubt whether I am in pain! a That is, if someonesaid “I don’t know if what I have is a pain or something else”, we wouldthink, perhaps, that he does not know what the |99| English word “pain”means; and we’d explain it to him. a How? Perhaps by means of ges-tures, or by pricking him with a pin and saying, “See, that’s pain!” Thisexplanation of a word, like any other, he might understand rightly,wrongly, or not at all. And he will show which by his use of the word,in this as in other cases.If he now said, for example, “Oh, I know what ‘pain’ means; whatI don’t know is whether this, that I have now, is pain” a we’d merelyshake our heads and have to regard his words as a strange reactionwhich we can’t make anything of. (It would be rather as if we heardsomeone say seriously, “I distinctly remember that sometime before Iwas born I believed . . .”)That expression of doubt has no place in the language-game; but ifexpressions of sensation a human behaviour a are excluded, it looksas if I might then legitimately begin to doubt. My temptation to saythat one might take a sensation for something other than what it is arisesfrom this: if I assume the abrogation of the normal language-game withthe expression of a sensation, I need a criterion of identity for the sensation; and then the possibility of error also exists.
289. “When I say ‘I am in pain’, I am at any rate justiﬁed before myself.”a What does that mean? Does it mean: “If someone else could knowwhat I am calling ‘pain’, he would admit that I was using the wordcorrectly”?To use a word without a justiﬁcation does not mean to use it wrongfully.
290. It is not, of course, that I identify my sensation by means of cri-teria; it is, rather, that I use the same expression. But it is not as if thelanguage-game ends with this; it begins with it.But doesn’t it begin with the sensation a which I describe? aPerhaps this word “describe” tricks us here. I say “I describe my stateof mind” and “I describe my room”. One needs to call to mind the dif-ferences between the language-games.
291. What we call “descriptions” are instruments for particular uses.Think of a machine-drawing, a cross-section, an elevation with mea-surements, which an engineer has before him. Thinking of a descrip-tion as a word-picture of the facts has something misleading about it:one tends to think only of such pictures as hang on our walls, whichseem simply to depict how a thing looks, what it is like. (These pic-tures are, as it were, idle.) |100|
292. Don’t always think that you read off what you say from the facts;that you depict these in words according to rules! For you would stillhave to apply the rule in the particular case without guidance.
293. If I say of myself that it is only from my own case that I knowwhat the word “pain” means a must I not say that of other peopletoo? And how can I generalize the one case so irresponsibly?Well, everyone tells me that he knows what pain is only from hisown case! —– Suppose that everyone had a box with something in itwhich we call a “beetle”. No one can ever look into anyone else’s box,and everyone says he knows what a beetle is only by looking at hisbeetle. a Here it would be quite possible for everyone to have some-thing different in his box. One might even imagine such a thing con-stantly changing. a But what if these people’s word “beetle” had a usenonetheless? a If so, it would not be as the name of a thing. The thingin the box doesn’t belong to the language-game at all; not even as aSomething: for the box might even be empty. a No, one can ‘dividethrough’ by the thing in the box; it cancels out, whatever it is.That is to say, if we construe the grammar of the expression of sensation on the model of ‘object and name’, the object drops out ofconsideration as irrelevant.
294. If you say that he sees a private picture before him, which he isdescribing, you have at any rate made an assumption about what hehas before him. And this means that you can describe it or do describeit more closely. If you admit that you have no idea what kind of thingit might be that he has before him a then what seduces you into say-ing, in spite of that, that he has something before him? Isn’t it as if Iwere to say of someone: “He has something. But I don’t know whetherit is money, or debts, or an empty till.”
295. “I know . . . only from my own case” a what kind of propositionis this meant to be? An empirical one? No. a A grammatical one?So this is what I imagine: everyone says of himself that he knowswhat pain is only from his own pain. a Not that people really say that,or are even prepared to say it. But if everybody said it —– it might bea kind of exclamation. And even if it gives no information, still, it is apicture; and why should we not want to call such a picture before ourmind? Imagine an allegorical painting instead of the words.Indeed, when we look into ourselves as we do philosophy, we oftenget to |101| see just such a picture. Virtually a pictorial representationof our grammar. Not facts; but, as it were, illustrated turns of speech.
296. “Right; but there is a Something there all the same, which accom-panies my cry of pain! And it is on account of this that I utter it. Andthis Something is what is important a and frightful.” a Only to whomare we telling this? And on what occasion?
297. Of course, if water boils in a pot, steam comes out of the pot,and also a picture of steam comes out of a picture of the pot. But whatif one insisted on saying that there must also be something boiling inthe picture of the pot?
298. The very fact that we’d so much like to say “This is the impor-tant thing” a while we point for ourselves to the sensation a is enough to show how much we are inclined to say something which isnot informative.
299. Being unable a when we indulge in philosophical thought a tohelp saying something or other, being irresistibly inclined to say it adoes not mean being forced into an assumption, or having an imme-diate insight into, or knowledge of, a state of affairs.
300. It is, one would like to say, not merely the picture of thebehaviour that belongs to the language-game with the words “he is inpain”, but also the picture of the pain. Or, not merely the paradigm ofthe behaviour, but also that of the pain. a It is a misunderstanding tosay “The picture of pain enters into the language-game with the word‘pain’ ”. Pain in the imagination is not a picture, and it is not replace-able in the language-game by anything that we’d call a picture. a Imaginedpain certainly enters into the language-game in a sense; only not as apicture.
301. What is in the imagination is not a picture, but a picture can cor-respond to it.
302. If one has to imagine someone else’s pain on the model of one’sown, this is none too easy a thing to do: for I have to imagine painwhich I don’t feel on the model of pain which I do feel. That is, whatI have to do is not simply to make a transition in the imagination frompain in one place to pain in another. As from pain in the hand to painin the arm. For it is not as if I had to imagine that I feel pain in somepart of his body. (Which would also be possible.)Pain-behaviour can indicate a painful place a but the person who issuffering is the person who manifests pain. |102|
303. “I can only believe that someone else is in pain, but I know it ifI am.” a Yes: one can resolve to say “I believe he is in pain” instead of“He is in pain”. But that’s all. —– What looks like an explanation here,or like a statement about a mental process, in truth just exchanges oneway of talking for another which, while we are doing philosophy, seemsto us the more apt.Just try a in a real case a to doubt someone else’s fear or pain!
304. “But you will surely admit that there is a difference between pain-behaviour with pain and pain-behaviour without pain.” a Admit it?What greater difference could there be? a “And yet you again and againreach the conclusion that the sensation itself is a Nothing.” a Not atall. It’s not a Something, but not a Nothing either! The conclusion wasonly that a Nothing would render the same service as a Something aboutwhich nothing could be said. We’ve only rejected the grammar whichtends to force itself on us here.The paradox disappears only if we make a radical break with theidea that language always functions in one way, always serves the samepurpose: to convey thoughts a which may be about houses, pains, goodand evil, or whatever.
305. “But you surely can’t deny that, for example, in remembering, an inner process takes place.” a What gives the impression that we want to deny anything? When one says, “Still, an inner process doestake place here” a one wants to go on: “After all, you see it.” And itis this inner process that one means by the word “remembering”. aThe impression that we wanted to deny something arises from our set-ting our face against the picture of an ‘inner process’. What we denyis that the picture of an inner process gives us the correct idea of theuse of the word “remember”. Indeed, we’re saying that this picture, withits ramiﬁcations, stands in the way of our seeing the use of the wordas it is.
306. Why ever should I deny that there is a mental process? It is onlythat “There has just taken place in me the mental process of remem-bering . . .” means nothing more than “I have just remembered . . .” Todeny the mental process would mean to deny the remembering; to denythat anyone ever remembers anything.
307. “Aren’t you nevertheless a behaviourist in disguise? Aren’t you nev-ertheless basically saying that everything except human behaviour is |103|a ﬁction?” a If I speak of a ﬁction, then it is of a grammatical ﬁction.
308. How does the philosophical problem about mental processes andstates and about behaviourism arise? —– The ﬁrst step is the one thataltogether escapes notice. We talk of processes and states, and leave theirnature undecided. Sometime perhaps we’ll know more about them awe think. But that’s just what commits us to a particular way of look-ing at the matter. For we have a certain conception of what it meansto learn to know a process better. (The decisive movement in the con-juring trick has been made, and it was the very one that seemed to us quite innocent.) a And now the analogy which was to make us understand our thoughts falls to pieces. So we have to deny the yet uncomprehended process in the yet unexplored medium. And now itlooks as if we had denied mental processes. And naturally we don’t wantto deny them.
309. What is your aim in philosophy? a To show the ﬂy the way outof the ﬂy-bottle.
310. I tell someone I’m in pain. His attitude to me will then be that ofbelief, disbelief, suspicion, and so on.Let’s suppose he says, “It’s not so bad”. a Doesn’t that prove thathe believes in something behind my utterance of pain? —– His attitudeis proof of his attitude. Imagine not merely the words “I’m in pain”,but also the reply “It’s not so bad”, replaced by instinctive noises andgestures.
311. “What greater difference could there be?” a In the case of pain,I believe that I can privately give myself an exhibition of the difference.But the difference between a broken and an unbroken tooth I can exhibitto anyone. a For the private exhibition, however, you don’t have togive yourself actual pain; it is enough to imagine it a for instance, youscrew up your face a bit. And do you know that what you are exhibit-ing to yourself in this way is pain and not, for example, a facial expres-sion? And how do you know what you are to exhibit to yourself beforeyou do it? This private exhibition is an illusion.
312. But again, aren’t the cases of the tooth and the pain similar? Forthe visual impression in the one corresponds to the sensation of painin the other. I can exhibit the visual impression to myself as little or aswell as the sensation of pain. |104|Let’s imagine the following. The surfaces of the things around us(stones, plants, etc.) have patches and regions which cause pain in ourskin when we touch them. (Perhaps through the chemical compositionof these surfaces. But we needn’t know that.) In this case, we’d speakof pain-patches on the leaf of a particular plant, just as at present wespeak of red patches. I’m supposing that it is useful to us to notice thesepatches and their shapes; that we can infer important properties of theobjects from them.
313. I can exhibit pain, as I exhibit red, and as I exhibit straight andcrooked and trees and stones. a That is what we call “exhibiting”.
314. It indicates a fundamental misunderstanding, if I’m inclined to studymy current headache in order to get clear about the philosophical prob-lem of sensation.
315. Could someone who had never felt pain understand the word“pain”? a Is experience to teach me whether this is so or not? a Andif we say “A man could not imagine pain without having sometime feltit”, how do we know? How can it be decided whether it’s true?
316. In order to get clear about the meaning of the word “think”, wewatch ourselves thinking; what we observe will be what the word means!a But that’s just not how this concept is used. (It would be as if with-out knowing how to play chess, I were to try and make out what theword “checkmate” meant by close observation of the last move of agame of chess.)
317. Misleading parallel: a cry, an expression of a pain a a sentence,an expression of a thought.As if the purpose of a sentence were to convey to one person how itis with another: only, so to speak, in his thinking apparatus, and notin his stomach.
318. When we speak, or write, with thought a I mean, as we normallydo a we wouldn’t, by and large, say that we think more quickly thanwe talk; rather, the thought seems not to be detached from the expres-sion. On the other hand, however, one does speak of the speed of thought,of how a thought goes through one’s head like lightning, of how prob-lems become clear to us at a stroke, and so on. So it is natural to askwhether the same thing happens in lightning-like thought as in speechthat is not thoughtless a only extremely accelerated. So that in the |105|ﬁrst case the clockwork, as it were, runs down all at once, but in thesecond bit by bit, braked by the words.
319. I can see, or understand, a thought complete before my mind’s eyein a ﬂash, in the same sense in which I can make a note of it in a fewwords or a few pencilled dashes.What makes this note into an epitome of this thought?
320. A lightning-like thought may stand to a spoken thought as an alge-braic formula to a sequence of numbers which I develop from it.When, for example, I am given an algebraic function, I am certainthat I shall be able to work out its values for the arguments 1, 2, 3 . . .up to 10. This certainty will be called ‘well-grounded’, for I have learntto compute such functions, and so on. In other cases, there will be nogrounds a but it will nonetheless be justiﬁed by success.
321. “What happens when a man suddenly understands?” –– Thequestion is badly framed. If it is a question about the meaning of theexpression “sudden understanding”, the answer is not to point to a pro-cess to which we give this name. a The question might mean: what arethe symptoms of sudden understanding; what are its characteristicmental accompaniments?(There is no reason to think that a man feels his expressive facialmovements, for example, or alterations in his breathing that are char-acteristic of some emotion. Even if he feels them as soon as he directshis attention towards them.) ( (Posture.) )
322. The question what the expression means is not answered by sucha description; and this tempts us to conclude that understanding is aspeciﬁc, indeﬁnable experience. But one forgets that the question whichshould be our concern is: how do we compare these experiences; whatcriterion of identity do we stipulate for their occurrence?
323. “Now I know how to go on!” is an exclamation; it correspondsto an instinctive sound, a glad start. Of course, it does not follow frommy feeling that I won’t ﬁnd I’m stuck when I do try to go on. a Herethere are cases in which I’d say: “When I said I knew how to go on, Idid know.” One will say that if, for example, an unforeseen interrup-tion occurs. But what is unforeseen must not simply be that I get stuck. |106|One could also imagine a case in which light was constantly seem-ing to dawn on someone a he exclaims “Now I have it!”, and thencan never substantiate this in practice. a It might seem to him as if inthe twinkling of an eye he forgot again the meaning of the picture thatoccurred to him.
324. Would it be correct to say that this is a matter of induction, andthat I am as certain that I’ll be able to continue the series as I am thatthis book will drop to the ground when I let it go; and that I’d be noless astonished if I suddenly, and for no obvious reason, got stuck inworking out the series than I would be if the book remained hangingin the air instead of falling? a To that I’ll reply that we don’t need anygrounds for this certainty either. What could justify the certainty betterthan success?
325. “The certainty that I’ll be able to go on after I’ve had this expe-rience a seen this formula, for example a is simply based on induc-tion.” What does this mean? a “The certainty that ﬁre will burn me isbased on induction.” Does it mean that I reason to myself: “Fire has always burned me, so it will happen now too”? Or is the previousexperience the cause of my certainty, not its reason? Whether the earlier experience is the cause of the certainty depends on the systemof hypotheses, of natural laws, in terms of which we are consideringthe phenomenon of certainty.Is such conﬁdence justiﬁed? a What people accept as a justiﬁcationshows how they think and live.
326. We expect this, and are surprised at that. But the chain of reasonshas an end.
327. “Can one think without speaking?” a And what is thinking? Well,don’t you ever think? Can’t you observe yourself and see what is goingon? It should be quite simple. You don’t have to wait for it as for an astronomical event, and then perhaps make your observation in ahurry.
328. Well, what does one call ‘thinking’? What has one learnt to usethis word for? a If I say I’ve thought a need I always be right? a Whatkind of mistake is there room for here? Are there circumstances in whichone would ask, “Was what I was doing then really thinking; aren’t Imaking a mistake?” Suppose someone takes a measurement in the mid-dle of a train of thought: has he interrupted the thinking if he doesn’tsay anything to himself while measuring? |107|
329. When I think in words, I don’t have ‘meanings’ in my mind inaddition to the verbal expressions; rather, language itself is the vehicleof thought.
330. Is thinking a kind of speaking? One would like to say that it iswhat distinguishes speech with thought from talking without thought.a And so it seems to be an accompaniment of speech. A process whichmay accompany something else or go on by itself.Say: “Yes, this pen is blunt. Oh well, it’ll do.” First, with thought;then without thought; then just think the thought without the words.a Well, while writing, I might test the point of my pen, make a face aand then go on writing with a gesture of resignation. a So too I might,while taking various measurements, act in such a way that an onlookerwould say that I had wordlessly thought: if two magnitudes are equalto a third, they are equal to one another. a But what constitutes thoughthere is not some process which has to accompany the words if they arenot to be spoken without thought.
331. Imagine people who could think only aloud. (As there are peoplewho can read only aloud.)
332. True, we sometimes call accompanying a sentence by a mental pro-cess “thinking”; nonetheless, that accompaniment is not what we calla “thought”. —– Utter a sentence, and think it; utter it with under-standing. a And now don’t utter it, and just do what you accompa-nied it with when you uttered it with understanding! a (Sing this songwith expression! And now don’t sing it, but repeat its expression! aAnd here too there is something one might repeat: for example, sway-ing of the body, slower and faster breathing, and so on.)
333. “Only someone who is convinced can say that.” a How does the conviction help him when he says it? a Is it present alongside thespoken expression? (Or is it masked by it, as a soft sound by a loudone, so that it can, as it were, no longer be heard when one expressesit out loud?) What if someone were to say, “In order to be able to singa tune from memory, one has to hear it in one’s mind and sing fromthat”?
334. “So you really wanted to say . . .” a We use this phrase in orderto lead someone from one form of expression to another. One istempted to use the following picture: what he really ‘wanted to say’,what he ‘meant’, was already present in his mind even |108| before wearticulated it. Various kinds of thing may persuade us to give up oneexpression and to adopt another in its place. To understand this, it’suseful to consider the relation in which solutions of mathematicalproblems stand to their occasion, and the original setting in which theywere posed: the concept of trisecting an angle with ruler and compass,when people are trying to do it, and, on the other hand, when it hasbeen proved that there’s no such thing.
335. What happens when we make an effort a say in writing a lettera to ﬁnd the right expression for our thoughts? a This way of speak-ing compares the process to one of translating or describing: thethoughts are already there (perhaps were there in advance), and we merelylook for their expression. This picture is more or less appropriate indifferent cases. a But can’t all sorts of things happen here? a I sur-render to a mood, and the expression comes. Or I have a picture beforemy mind, and I try to describe it. Or an English expression occurs tome, and I try to recollect the corresponding German one. Or I make agesture, and ask myself: “What words correspond to this gesture?” Andso on.Now if it were asked, “Do you have the thought before ﬁnding the expression?”, what would one have to reply? And what to the question “What did the thought, as it existed before its expression, con-sist in?”
336. This case is similar to the one in which someone imagines thatone could not think a sentence with the curious word order of Germanor Latin just as it stands. One ﬁrst has to think it, and then one arrangesthe words in that strange order. (A French politician once wrote thatit was a peculiarity of the French language that in it words occur inthe order in which one thinks them.)
337. But didn’t I already intend the whole construction of the sentence(for example) at its beginning? So surely it already existed in my mindbefore I uttered it out loud! a If it was in my mind, still it would notnormally be there in some different word order. But here again, we areforming a misleading picture of ‘intending’: that is, of the use of thisword. An intention is embedded in a setting, in human customs andinstitutions. If the technique of the game of chess did not exist, I couldnot intend to play a game of chess. To the extent that I do intend theconstruction of an English sentence in advance, that is made possibleby the fact that I can speak English. |109|
338. After all, one can only say something if one has learned to talk.Therefore, in order to want to say something, one must also have mastered a language; and yet it is clear that one can want to speak without speaking. Just as one can want to dance without dancing.And when one thinks about this, the mind reaches for the idea ofdancing, speaking, etc.
339. Thinking is not an incorporeal process which lends life and senseto speaking, and which it would be possible to detach from speaking,rather as the Devil took the shadow of Schlemihl from the ground. —–But in what way “not an incorporeal process”? Am I acquainted withincorporeal processes, then, only thinking is not one of them? No; inmy predicament, I helped myself to the expression “an incorporeal pro-cess” as I was trying to explain the meaning of the word “thinking” ina primitive way.One could, however, say “Thinking is an incorporeal process” if onewere using this to distinguish the grammar of the word “think” fromthat of, say, the word “eat”. Only that makes the difference betweenthe meanings look too slight. (It is like saying: numerals are actual, and numbers are non-actual objects.) An inappropriate expression is a sure means of remaining stuck in confusion. It, as it were, bars theway out.
340. One cannot guess how a word functions. One has to look at itsapplication and learn from that.But the difﬁculty is to remove the prejudice which stands in the wayof doing so. It is not a stupid prejudice.
341. Speech with and without thought is to be compared to playing apiece of music with and without thought.
342. William James, in order to show that thought is possible withoutspeech, quotes the reminiscences of a deaf-mute, Mr Ballard, who wrotethat in his early youth, even before he could speak, he had hadthoughts about God and the world. a What could that mean!? a Ballardwrites: “It was during those delightful rides, some two or three yearsbefore my initiation into the rudiments of written language, that I beganto ask myself the question: how came the world into being?” a Areyou sure a one would like to ask a that this is the correct translationof your wordless thoughts into words? And why does this question awhich otherwise seems not to exist a arise here? Do I want to say thatthe writer’s memory deceives |110| him? a I don’t even know if I’d saythat. These recollections are a strange memory phenomenon a and Idon’t know what conclusions one can draw from them about the nar-rator’s past!
343. The words with which I express my memory are my memory reaction.
344. Is it conceivable that people should never speak an audible language, but should nevertheless talk to themselves inwardly, in theimagination?“If people talked only inwardly, to themselves, then they wouldmerely be doing always what, as it is, they do sometimes.” a So it isquite easy to imagine this; one need only make the easy transition fromsome to all. (Similarly, “An inﬁnitely long row of trees is simply onethat does not come to an end.”) Our criterion for someone’s saying some-thing to himself is what he tells us, as well as the rest of his behaviour;and we say that someone talks to himself only if, in the ordinary senseof the words, he can talk. And we do not say it of a parrot; or of agramophone.
345. “What sometimes happens might always happen.” a What kindof proposition is that? It is similar to this one: If “F(a)” makes sense,“(x).F(x)” makes sense.“If it is possible for someone to make a false move in some game, then it could be that everybody made nothing but false movesin every game.” a So we’re tempted to misunderstand the logic of our expressions here, to give an incorrect account of the use of our words.Orders are sometimes not obeyed. But what would it be like if noorders were ever obeyed? The concept of an order would have lost itspurpose.
346. But couldn’t we imagine God’s suddenly giving a parrot reason,and its now saying things to itself? a But here it is important that, inorder to arrive at this idea, I had recourse to the notion of a deity.
347. “But at least I know from my own case what it means ‘to say thingsto oneself’. And if I were deprived of the organs of speech, I could stillconduct internal monologues.”If I know it only from my own case, then I know only what I callthat, not what anyone else does.
348. “All these deaf-mutes have learned only a sign-language, but each of them talks to himself inwardly in a vocal language.” a Well,|111| don’t you understand that? a How should I know whether I understand it?! a What can I do with this information (if that’s whatit is)? The whole idea of understanding smells ﬁshy here. I don’t knowwhether I am to say I understand it, or I don’t understand it. I’m inclinedto answer “It’s an English sentence; apparently quite in order a thatis, until one wants to do something with it; it has a connection withother sentences, which makes it difﬁcult for us to say that one doesn’treally know what it tells us. Anyone who has not become insensitiveby doing philosophy notices that there is something wrong here.”
349. “But this assumption surely makes good sense!” a Yes; in ordi-nary circumstances these words and this picture have an application with which we are familiar. a But if we suppose a case in which thisapplication does not exist, we become aware for the ﬁrst time of thenakedness, as it were, of the words and the picture.
350. “But if I suppose that someone has a pain, then I am simply sup-posing that he has just the same as I have so often had.” a That getsus no further. It is as if I were to say, “You surely know what ‘It’s 5 o’clock here’ means; so you also know what ‘It’s 5 o’clock on the sun’means. It means simply that it is just the same time there as it is herewhen it is 5 o’clock.” a The explanation by means of sameness doesnot work here. For I know well enough that one can call 5 o’clock hereand 5 o’clock there “the same time”, but do not know in what casesone is to speak of its being the same time here and there.In exactly the same way, it is no explanation to say: the suppositionthat he has a pain is simply the supposition that he has the same as I.For what’s surely clear to me is this part of grammar: that one will saythat the stove has the same experience as I if one says: it’s in pain andI’m in pain.
351. Yet we keep wanting to say: “A sensation of pain is a sensationof pain a whether he has it, or I have it, no matter how I come toknow whether he has a pain or not.” a I might go along with that. aAnd when you ask me, “Don’t you know, then, what I mean when Isay that the stove is in pain?”, I can reply: “These words may lead meto imagine all sorts of things; but their usefulness goes no further.” AndI can also imagine something in connection with the words: “Just nowit was 5 o’clock in the afternoon on the sun” a such as a grandfatherclock which shows 5. a But a still better example would be that of theapplication of “above” and “beneath” to the globe. Here we all havea quite clear idea of what |112| “above” and “beneath” mean. I see wellenough that I am on top; the earth is surely beneath me! (And don’tsmile at this example. We are indeed all taught at elementary schoolthat it is stupid to talk like that. But it is much easier to bury a prob-lem than to solve it.) And it is only reﬂection that shows us that in thiscase “above” and “beneath” cannot be used in the customary way. (Thatwe might, for instance, say that the people at the antipodes are‘beneath’ our part of the earth, but must then also recognize it as rightfor them to use the same expression about us.)
352. At this point, our thinking plays us a strange trick. That is, wewant to quote the law of excluded middle and say: “Either such an imageﬂoats before his mind, or it does not; there is no third possibility!” aWe encounter this curious argument also in other regions of philo-sophy. “In the inﬁnite expansion of π either the group ‘7777’ occurs,or it does not a there is no third possibility.” That is to say: God seesa but we don’t know. But what does that mean? a We use a picture:the picture of a visible series, the whole of which one person can sur-vey and another can’t. Here the law of excluded middle says: it mustlook either like this or like that. So really a and this is surely obviousa it says nothing at all, but gives us a picture. And the problem is nowsupposed to be: does reality accord with the picture or not? And this picture seems to determine what we have to do, what to look for, andhow a but it does not, precisely because we do not know how it is tobe applied. Here, saying “There is no third possibility” or “There reallyisn’t a third possibility!” expresses our inability to turn our eyes awayfrom this picture a a picture which looks as if it must already containboth the problem and its solution, while all the time we feel that it isnot so.Similarly, when it is said “Either he has this sensation, or he doesn’t”,what primarily occurs to us is a picture which already seems to deter-mine the sense of the statements unequivocally: “Now you know whatis in question”, one would like to say. And that’s just what it does nottell you.
353. Asking whether and how a proposition can be veriﬁed is only aspecial form of the question “How do you mean?” The answer is acontribution to the grammar of the proposition.
354. The ﬂuctuation in grammar between criteria and symptomsmakes it look as if there were nothing at all but symptoms. We say,|113| for example, “Experience teaches that there is rain when the baro-meter falls, but it also teaches that there is rain when we have certainfeelings of wet and cold, or such-and-such visual impressions.” As anargument in support of this, one says that these sense impressions candeceive us. But here one overlooks the fact that their deceiving us pre-cisely about rain rests on a deﬁnition.
355. The point here is not that our sense impressions can lie to us, butthat we understand their language. (And this language, like any other,rests on convention.)
356. One is inclined to say: “Either it is raining, or it isn’t a how Iknow, how the message has reached me, is another matter.” But thenlet’s put the question like this: What do I call “a message that it is rain-ing”? (Or have I only word of this message too?) And what gives this‘message’ the character of a message about something? Doesn’t the formof our expression mislead us here? For isn’t it a misleading metaphorto say, “My eyes send me the message that there is a chair over there”?
357. We do not say that possibly a dog talks to itself. Is that becausewe are so minutely acquainted with its mind? Well, one might say this:if one sees the behaviour of a living being, one sees its mind. a But doI also say in my own case that I am talking to myself, because I ambehaving in such-and-such a way? a I do not say it from observationof my behaviour. But it makes sense only because I do behave in thisway. a So isn’t it because I mean it that it makes sense?
358. But isn’t it our meaning it that gives sense to the sentence? (Andhere, of course, belongs the fact that one cannot mean a senseless sequenceof words.) And meaning something lies within the domain of the mind.But it is also something private! It is the intangible Something; com-parable only to consciousness itself.How could one ﬁnd this ludicrous? After all, it is, as it were, a dreamof our language.
359. Could a machine think? —– Could it be in pain? a Well, is thehuman body to be called such a machine? It surely comes as close aspossible to being such a machine.
360. But surely a machine cannot think! a Is that an empirical state-ment? No. We say only of a human being and what is like one that itthinks. We also say it of dolls; and perhaps even of ghosts. Regard theword “to think” as an instrument! |114|
361. The chair is thinking to itself . . .Where? In one of its parts? Or outside its body; in the air aroundit? Or not anywhere at all? But then what is the difference between thischair’s talking silently to itself and another one’s doing so, next to it?a But then how is it with man: where does he talk to himself? Howcome that this question seems senseless; and that no speciﬁcation of aplace is necessary, except just that this man is talking silently to him-self? Whereas the question of where the chair talks silently to itself seemsto demand an answer. a The reason is: we want to know how the chairis supposed to be like a human being; whether, for instance, its head isat the top of the back, and so on.What is it like to talk silently to oneself; what goes on there? a Howam I to explain it? Well, only in the way in which you can teach some-one the meaning of the expression “to talk silently to oneself”. And wedo learn the meaning of that as children. a Only no one is going tosay that the person who teaches it to us tells us ‘what goes on here’.
362. Rather, it seems to us as though, in this case, the instructor con-veyed the meaning to the pupil a without telling him directly; but inthe end, the pupil is brought to the point of giving himself the correctostensive deﬁnition. And this is where our illusion lies.
363. “But when I imagine something, something goes on, doesn’t it?”Well, something goes on a and then I make a noise. What for?Presumably in order to communicate what went on. a But how, in general, does one communicate something? When does one say that something is being communicated? a What is the language-game of communicating something?I’d like to say: you regard it much too much as a matter of coursethat one can communicate anything to anyone. That is to say, we areso much accustomed to communicating in speech, in conversation, thatit looks to us as if the whole point of communicating lay in this: thatsomeone else grasps the sense of my words a which is something men-tal a that he, as it were, takes it into his own mind. If he then doessomething further with it as well, that is no part of the immediate pur-pose of language.One would like to say “It is through my communicating it that hecomes to know that I am in pain; it produces this mental phenomenon;everything else is immaterial to the communicating”. As for what thisremarkable phenomenon of knowledge is a that can be taken care oflater. Mental processes just are strange. (It is as if one said, “The clockshows us the time. What time is, is not yet settled. And as regards thepoint of telling the time a that doesn’t come in here.”) |115|
364. Someone does a calculation in his head. He uses the result, let’ssay, for building a bridge or a machine. a Do you want to say that itwasn’t really by a calculation that he arrived at this number? That ithas, say, just dropped into his lap, after some sort of reverie? Theresurely must have been calculation going on, and there was. For he knowsthat, and how, he calculated; and the correct result he got would beinexplicable without calculation. —– But what if I said: “It seems tohim just as if he had calculated. And why should the correct result beexplicable? Is it not incomprehensible enough, that without saying aword, without making a note, he was able to calculate?” aIs calculating in the imagination in some sense less real than calcu-lating on paper? It is real a calculating-in-the-head. a Is it similar tocalculating on paper? a I don’t know whether to call it similar. Is a bitof white paper with black lines on it similar to a human body?
365. Do Adelheid and the Bishop play a real game of chess? a Of course.They are not merely pretending to do so a which would also be pos-sible as part of a play. a But the game, for example, has no beginning!a Of course it has; otherwise it would not be a game of chess. a
366. Is calculating in the head less real than calculating on paper? aOne is, perhaps, inclined to say some such thing; but one can get one-self to think the opposite as well by telling oneself: paper, ink, and soon are only logical constructions out of our sense-data.“I have done the multiplication . . . in my head” a don’t I believe sucha statement? a But was it really a multiplication? It was not merely ‘a’multiplication, but this one a in the head. This is the point at which Igo wrong. For I now want to say: it was some mental process corre-sponding to the multiplication on paper. So it would make sense to say:“This process in the mind corresponds to this process on paper.” Andthen it would make sense to talk of a method of projection accordingto which the mental image of the sign was a representation of the signitself.
367. A mental image is the image which is described when someonedescribes what he imagines.
368. I describe a room to someone, and then get him to paint an impres-sionistic picture from this description to show that he has understoodit. a Now he paints the chairs which I described as green, dark red;where I said “yellow”, he paints blue. a That is the impression |116|which he got of that room. And now I say: “Quite right! That’s whatit looks like.”
369. One is inclined to ask: “What is it like a what goes on a whenone calculates in one’s head?” a And in a particular case, the answermay be “First I add 17 and 18, then I subtract 39 . . .” But that is notthe answer to our question. What is called calculating in one’s head isnot explained in this way.
370. One ought to ask, not what images are or what goes on when oneimagines something, but how the word “imagination” is used. But thatdoes not mean that I want to talk only about words. For the questionof what imagination essentially is, is as much about the word “ima-gination” as my question. And I am only saying that this question isnot to be clariﬁed a neither for the person who does the imagining,nor for anyone else a by pointing; nor yet by a description of someprocess. The ﬁrst question also asks for the clariﬁcation of a word; butit makes us expect a wrong kind of answer.
371. Essence is expressed in grammar.
372. Consider: “The only correlate in language to an objective neces-sity is an arbitrary rule. It is the only thing which one can milk out ofthis objective necessity into a proposition.”
373. Grammar tells what kind of object anything is. (Theology asgrammar.)
374. The great difﬁculty here is not to present the matter as if therewere something one couldn’t do. As if there really were an object, fromwhich I extract a description, which I am not in a position to showanyone. —– And the best that I can propose is that we yield to thetemptation to use this picture, but then investigate what the applica-tion of the picture looks like.
375. How does one teach someone to read silently to himself? Howdoes one know when he can do so? How does he himself know thathe is doing what is required of him?
376. When I say the ABC silently to myself, what is the criterion that shows that I am doing the same as someone else who silently repeats it to himself? It might be found that the same thing goes on inmy larynx and in his. (And similarly when we both think of the samething, wish the same, and so on.) But then did we learn the use of thewords “to |117| say such-and-such to oneself” by someone’s pointing toa process in the larynx or the brain? Is it not also perfectly possiblethat my auditory image of the sound a and his correspond to differentphysiological processes? The question is: How does one compareimages?
377. A logician will perhaps think: The same is the same a how a per-son satisﬁes himself of sameness is a psychological question. (High ishigh a it is a matter of psychology that one sometimes sees, and some-times hears it.)What is the criterion for the sameness of two images? a What is thecriterion for the redness of an image? For me, when it’s someone else’simage: what he says and does. a For myself, when it’s my image: noth-ing. And what goes for “red” also goes for “same”.
378. “Before I judge that two images which I have are the same, surelyI must recognize them as the same.” And when that has happened, howam I to know that the word “same” describes what I recognize? Onlyif I can express my recognition in some other way, and if it is possiblefor someone else to teach me that “same” is the correct word here.For if I need a warrant for using a word, it must also be a warrantfor someone else.
379. First I recognize it as this; and then I remember what it is called.a Consider: in what cases can one rightly say this?
380. How do I recognize that this is red? a “I see that it is this; andthen I know that that is what this is called.” This? a What?! Whatkind of answer to this question makes sense?(You keep on steering towards an inner ostensive explanation.)I could not apply any rules to a private transition from what is seento words. Here the rules really would hang in the air; for the institu-tion of their application is lacking.
381. How do I recognize that this colour is red? a One answer wouldbe: “I have learnt English.”
382. How can I justify forming this image in response to this word?Has anyone shown me the image of the colour blue and told me thatit is the image of blue?What is the meaning of the words “this image”? How does one pointat an image? How does one point twice at the same image? |118|
383. We do not analyse a phenomenon (for example, thinking) but aconcept (for example, that of thinking), and hence the application of aword. So it may look as if what we were doing were nominalism.Nominalists make the mistake of interpreting all words as names, andso of not really describing their use, but only, so to speak, giving a paperdraft on such a description.
384. You learned the concept ‘pain’ in learning language.
385. Ask yourself: Is it conceivable that someone learn to calculate inhis head without ever calculating aloud or on paper? a “Learning it”presumably means: being brought to the point of being able to do it.Only the question arises, what will count as a criterion for being ableto do it? —– But is it also possible for some tribe to be acquainted onlywith calculation in the head, and with no other kind? Here one has toask oneself: “What will that look like?” a And so one will have todepict it as a limiting case. And the question will then arise whetherwe still want to apply the concept of calculating in the head here a orwhether in such circumstances it has lost its purpose, because the phe-nomena now gravitate towards another paradigm.
386. “But why have you so little conﬁdence in yourself? Ordinarily youknow perfectly well what is called ‘calculating’. So if you say that youhave calculated in the imagination, then you will have done so. If you had not calculated, you would not have said you had. Equally, ifyou say that you see something red in the imagination, then it will bered. You know what ‘red’ is elsewhere. a And further: you don’t alwaysrely on agreement with other people; for you often report that you haveseen something no one else has.” —– But I do have conﬁdence in myselfa I say without hesitation that I have done this calculation in my head,have imagined this colour. The difﬁculty is not that I doubt whether Ireally imagined anything red. But it is this: that we should be able, justlike that, to point out or describe the colour we have imagined, thatmapping the image into reality presents no difﬁculty at all. Do they thenlook so alike that one might mix them up? a But I can also recognizea man from a drawing straight off. a Well, but can I ask: “What doesan actual mental image of this colour look like?” or “What sort of thingis it?”; can I learn this?(I cannot accept his testimony, because it is not testimony. It tells meonly what he is inclined to say.)
387. The deep aspect readily eludes us. |119|
388. “I don’t see anything violet here, but I can show it you if you giveme a paint box.” How can one know that one can show it if . . . , inother words, that one can recognize it if one sees it?How do I know from my mental image, what the colour really lookslike?How do I know that I’ll be able to do something? That is, that thestate I am in now is that of being able to do that thing?
389. “A mental image must be more like its object than any picture.For however similar I make the picture to what it is supposed to rep-resent, it may still be the picture of something else. But it is an intrin-sic feature of a mental image that it is the image of this and of nothingelse.” That is how one might come to regard a mental image as a super-likeness.
390. Could one imagine a stone’s having consciousness? And if some-one can a why should that not prove merely that such image-mongeryis of no interest to us?
391. I can perhaps even imagine (though it is not easy) that each of thepeople whom I see in the street is in frightful pain, but is adroitly con-cealing it. And it is important that I have to imagine adroit conceal-ment here. That I do not simply say to myself: “Well, his mind is inpain: but what has that to do with his body?” or “After all, it neednot show in his body”. a And if I imagine this a what do I do? Whatdo I say to myself? How do I look at the people? Perhaps I look at one and think, “It must be difﬁcult to laugh when one is in suchpain”, and much else of the same kind. I, as it were, play a part, actas if the others were in pain. When I do this, one might say that I amimagining . . .
392. “When I imagine he’s in pain, all that really goes on in me is . . .”Then someone else says: “I believe I can also imagine it without think-ing . . .” (“I believe I can think without words.”) That comes to noth-ing. The analysis oscillates between natural science and grammar.
393. “When I imagine that someone who is laughing is really in pain,I don’t imagine any pain-behaviour, for I see just the opposite. So whatdo I imagine?” a I have already said what. And for that, I do not necessarily have to imagine that I feel pain. —– “But then what is theprocess of imagining it?” —– Well, where (outside philosophy) do weuse the |120| words “I can imagine that he is in pain”, or “I imaginethat . . .”, or “Imagine that . . .”?One says, for example, to someone who has to play a part on-stage:“Here you must imagine that this man is in pain and is concealing this”a and now we give him no directions, don’t tell him what he is actu-ally to do. For this reason too, the suggested analysis is not to the point.a We now watch the actor, who is imagining this situation.
394. In what sort of circumstances would we ask someone: “What actu-ally went on in you as you imagined this?” a And what sort of answerdo we expect?
395. There is a lack of clarity about the role of imaginability in ourinvestigation. Namely, about the extent to which it ensures that a sen-tence makes sense.
396. It is no more essential to the understanding of a sentence that oneshould imagine something in connection with it than that one shouldmake a sketch from it.
397. Instead of “imaginability”, one can also say here: representab-ility in a particular medium of representation. And such a representa-tion may indeed safely point a way to a further use of a sentence. Onthe other hand, a picture may obtrude itself upon us and be of no useat all.
398. “But when I imagine something, or even actually see objects, surelyI have got something which my neighbour has not.” a I understandyou. You want to look about you and say: “At any rate only I havegot this.” a What are these words for? They serve no purpose. a Indeed,can’t one add: “There is here no question of a ‘seeing’ a and thereforenone of a ‘having’ a nor of a subject, nor therefore of the I either”?Couldn’t I ask: In what sense have you got what you are talking aboutand saying that only you have got it? Do you possess it? You do noteven see it. Don’t you really have to say that no one has got it? Andindeed, it’s clear: if you logically exclude other people’s having some-thing, it loses its sense to say that you have it.But what are you then talking about? It’s true I said that I knew deepdown what you meant. But that meant that I knew how one thinks toconceive this object, to see it, to gesture at it, as it were, by lookingand pointing. I know how one stares ahead and looks about |121| onein this case a and the rest. I think one can say: you are talking (if, forexample, you are sitting in a room) of the ‘visual room’. That whichhas no owner is the ‘visual room’. I can as little own it as I can walkabout it, or look at it, or point at it. In so far as it cannot belong toanyone else, it doesn’t belong to me either. Or again, in so far as I wantto apply the same form of expression to it as to the material room inwhich I sit, it doesn’t belong to me. Its description need not mentionan owner. Indeed, it need not have an owner. But then the visual roomcannot have an owner. “For” a one might say a “it has no master out-side it, and none inside it either.”Think of a picture of a landscape, an imaginary landscape with a housein it. a Someone asks “Whose house is that?” a The answer, by theway, might be “It belongs to the farmer who is sitting on the bench infront of it”. But then he cannot, for example, step into his house.
399. One could also say: surely the owner of the visual room has to be of the same nature as it; but he isn’t inside it, and there is no outside.
400. The visual room seemed like a discovery, as it were; but what its discoverer really found was a new way of speaking, a new comparison,and, one could even say, a new experience.
401. You interpret the new conception as the seeing of a new object.You interpret a grammatical movement that you have made as a quasi-physical phenomenon which you are observing. (Remember, for exam-ple, the question “Are sense-data the stuff of which the universe ismade?”)But my expression “You have made a ‘grammatical’ movement” isnot unobjectionable. Above all, you have found a new conception. Asif you had invented a new way of painting; or, again, a new metre, ora new kind of song. a
402. “It’s true that I say ‘I now have such-and-such a visual image’,but the words ‘I have’ are merely a sign for others; the visual world isdescribed completely by the description of the visual image.” a Youmean: the words “I have” are like “Attention please!” You’re inclinedto say that it should really have been expressed differently. Perhaps sim-ply by making a sign with one’s hand and then giving a description. aWhen, as in this case, one disapproves of the expressions of ordinarylanguage (which, after all, do their duty), we have got a picture in ourheads which conﬂicts with the picture of our ordinary |122| way of speak-ing. At the same time, we’re tempted to say that our way of speakingdoes not describe the facts as they really are. As if, for example, theproposition “he has pains” could be false in some other way than bythat man’s not having pains. As if the form of expression were sayingsomething false, even when the proposition faute de mieux asserted some-thing true.For this is what disputes between idealists, solipsists and realists looklike. The one party attacks the normal form of expression as if theywere attacking an assertion; the others defend it, as if they were stat-ing facts recognized by every reasonable human being.
403. If I were to reserve the word “pain” solely for what I had previ-ously called “my pain”, and others “L.W.’s pain”, I’d do other peopleno injustice, so long as a notation were provided in which the loss ofthe word “pain” in other contexts were somehow made good. Otherpeople would still be pitied, treated by doctors, and so on. It would,of course, be no objection to this way of talking to say “But look here,other people have just the same as you!”But what would I gain from this new mode of representation?Nothing. But then the solipsist does not want any practical advantagewhen he advances his view either!
404. “When I say ‘I am in pain’, I don’t point to a person who is inpain, since in a certain sense I don’t know who is.” And this can begiven a justiﬁcation. For the main point is: I didn’t say that such-and-such a person was in pain, but “I am . . .”. Now, in saying this, I don’tname any person. Just as I don’t name anyone when I groan with pain.Though someone else sees who is in pain from the groaning.What does it mean to know who is in pain? It means, for example,to know which man in this room is in pain: for instance, that it’s theone who is sitting over there, or the one who is standing in that corner,the tall one over there with the fair hair, and so on. a What am I getting at? At the fact that there is a great variety of criteria for the‘identity’ of a person.Now, which of them leads me to say that I am in pain? None.
405. “But at any rate when you say ‘I’m in pain’, you want to drawthe attention of others to a particular person.” a The answer could be:No, I just want to draw their attention to myself. a |123|
406. “But surely what you want to do with the words ‘I am . . .’ is todistinguish between yourself and other people.” a Can this be said inevery case? Even when I merely groan? And even when I ‘want to dis-tinguish’ between myself and other people a do I want to distinguishbetween the person L.W. and the person N.N.?
407. It would be possible to imagine someone groaning out: “Someoneis in pain a I don’t know who!” a whereupon people would hurry tohelp him, the one who groaned.
408. “But you aren’t in doubt whether it is you or someone else whois in pain!” a The proposition “I don’t know whether I or someoneelse is in pain” would be a logical product, and one of its factors wouldbe: “I don’t know whether I am in pain or not” a and that is not asigniﬁcant sentence.
409. Imagine several people standing in a circle, myself among them.One of us, sometimes this one, sometimes that, is connected to the polesof an electrostatic generator without our being able to see this. I observe the faces of the others and try to see which of us has justbeen given an electric shock. a At one point I say: “Now I know whoit is a it’s me.” In this sense I could also say: “Now I know who is feeling the shocks a it’s me.” This would be a rather odd way ofspeaking. a But if I suppose that I can feel an electric shock even whensomeone else is being given one, then the form of expression “Now I know who . . .” becomes quite inappropriate. It does not belong to this game.
410. “I” doesn’t name a person, nor “here” a place, and “this” is nota name. But they are connected with names. Names are explained bymeans of them. It is also true that it is characteristic of physics not touse these words.
411. Consider how the following questions can be applied, and howdecided:(1) “Are these books my books?”(2) “Is this foot my foot?”(3) “Is this body my body?”(4) “Is this sensation my sensation?”Each of these questions has practical (non-philosophical) applications.For (2): Think of cases in which my foot is anaesthetized or para-lysed. Under certain circumstances, the question could be settled by ﬁndingout whether I can feel pain in this foot. |124|For (3): Here one might be pointing to a reﬂection in a mirror. Butin certain circumstances, one might touch a body and ask the question.In others, it means the same as “Does my body look like that?”For (4): But which sensation is this one? That is, how is one usingthe demonstrative pronoun here? Certainly otherwise than in, say, theﬁrst example. Here, again, one goes astray, because one imagines thatby directing one’s attention to a sensation, one is pointing at it.
412. The feeling of an unbridgeable gulf between consciousness and brainprocess: how come that this plays no role in reﬂections of ordinary life?This idea of a difference in kind is accompanied by slight giddiness awhich occurs when we are doing logical tricks. (The same giddinessattacks us when dealing with certain theorems in set theory.) When doesthis feeling occur in the present case? It is when I, for example, turnmy attention in a particular way on to my own consciousness and, aston-ished, say to myself: “this is supposed to be produced by a process inthe brain!” a as it were clutching my forehead. a But what can it meanto speak of “turning my attention on to my own consciousness”? Thereis surely nothing more extraordinary than that there should be any suchthing! What I described with these words (which are not used in thisway in ordinary life) was an act of gazing. I gazed ﬁxedly in front ofme a but not at any particular point or object. My eyes were wide open,brows not contracted (as they mostly are when I am interested in a par-ticular object). No such interest preceded this gazing. My glance wasvacant; or again, like that of someone admiring the illumination of thesky and drinking in the light.Note that the sentence which I uttered as a paradox (“this is pro-duced by a brain process!”) has nothing paradoxical about it. I couldhave said it in the course of an experiment whose purpose was to showthat an effect of light which I see is produced by stimulation of a par-ticular part of the brain. a But I did not utter the sentence in the sur-roundings in which it would have had an everyday and unparadoxicalsense. And my attention was not such as would have been in keepingwith that experiment. (If it had been, my gaze would have been intent,not vacant.)
413. Here we have a case of introspection, not unlike that which gaveWilliam James the idea that the ‘self’ consisted mainly of ‘peculiar motionsin the head and between the head and throat’. |125| And James’s intro-spection showed, not the meaning of the word “self” (so far as it meanssomething like “person”, “human being”, “he himself”, “I myself”), orany analysis of such a being, but the state of a philosopher’s attentionwhen he says the word “self” to himself and tries to analyse its mean-ing. (And much could be learned from this.)
414. You think that after all you must be weaving a piece of cloth: becauseyou are sitting at a loom a even if it is empty a and going through themotions of weaving.
415. What we are supplying are really remarks on the natural historyof human beings; not curiosities, however, but facts that no one hasdoubted, which have escaped notice only because they are alwaysbefore our eyes.
416. “Human beings agree in saying that they see, hear, feel, and so on(even though some are blind and some are deaf). So they are their ownwitnesses that they have consciousness.” a But how strange this is! Whomdo I really inform if I say “I have consciousness”? What is the purposeof saying this to myself, and how can another person understand me?a Now, sentences like “I see”, “I hear”, “I am conscious” really havetheir uses. I tell a doctor “Now I can hear with this ear again”, or Itell someone who believes I am in a faint “I am conscious again”, andso on.
417. Do I observe myself, then, and perceive that I am seeing or con-scious? And why talk about observation at all? Why not simply say “Iperceive I am conscious”? a But what are the words “I perceive” forhere a why not say “I am conscious”? But don’t the words “I perceive”here show that I am attending to my consciousness? a which is ordi-narily not the case. a If so, then the sentence “I perceive I am con-scious” does not say that I am conscious, but that my attention is focusedin such-and-such a way.But isn’t it a particular experience that occasions my saying “I amconscious again”? a What experience? In what situations do we say it?
418. Is my having consciousness a fact of experience? –But doesn’t one say that human beings have consciousness, and thattrees or stones do not? a What would it be like if it were otherwise?a Would human beings all be unconscious? a No; not in the ordinarysense of the word. But I, for instance, would not have consciousness—– as I now in fact have it. |126|
419. In what circumstances shall I say that a tribe has a chief ? And the chief must surely have consciousness. Surely he mustn’t be withoutconsciousness!
420. But can’t I imagine that people around me are automata, lack con-sciousness, even though they behave in the same way as usual? a If Iimagine it now a alone in my room a I see people with ﬁxed looks(as in a trance) going about their business a the idea is perhaps a littleuncanny. But just try to hang on to this idea in the midst of your ordinary intercourse with others a in the street, say! Say to yourself,for example: “The children over there are mere automata; all their live-liness is mere automatism.” And you will either ﬁnd these wordsbecoming quite empty; or you will produce in yourself some kind ofuncanny feeling, or something of the sort.Seeing a living human being as an automaton is analogous to seeingone ﬁgure as a limiting case or variant of another; the cross-pieces ofa window as a swastika, for example.
421. It seems paradoxical to us that in a single report we should makesuch a medley, mixing physical states and states of consciousness uptogether: “He suffered great torments and tossed about restlessly.” Itis quite usual; so why does it seem paradoxical to us? Because we wantto say that the sentence is about both tangibles and intangibles. a Butdoes it worry you if I say: “These three struts give the building stabil-ity?” Are three and stability tangible? —– Regard the sentence as aninstrument, and its sense as its employment.
422. What do I believe in when I believe that man has a soul? Whatdo I believe in when I believe that this substance contains two carbonrings? In both cases, there is a picture in the foreground, but the senselies far in the background; that is, the application of the picture is noteasy to survey.
423. Certainly all these things happen in you. a And now just let meunderstand the expression we use. a The picture is there. And I am notdisputing its validity in particular cases. a Only let me now understandits application.
424. The picture is there; and I do not dispute its correctness. But whatis its application? Think of the picture of blindness as a darkness in themind or in the head of a blind person.
425. While in innumerable cases we exert ourselves to ﬁnd a picture,and once it is found, the application, as it were, comes about auto-matically, |127| here we already have a picture which obtrudes itself onus at every turn a but does not help us out of the difﬁculty, which beginsonly now.If I ask, for example, “How am I to imagine this mechanism ﬁttinginto this casing?” a perhaps a drawing reduced in scale may serve toanswer me. Then I can be told: “You see, it ﬁts like this.” Or perhapseven: “Why are you surprised? See how it works here; well, it is thesame there.” a Of course, the latter no longer explains anything: it merelyinvites me to apply the picture I was given.
426. A picture is conjured up which seems to ﬁx the sense unambigu-ously. The actual use, compared with that traced out by the picture,seems like something muddied. Here again, what is going on is the sameas in set theory: the form of expression seems to have been tailored fora god, who knows what we cannot know; he sees all of those inﬁniteseries, and he sees into the consciousness of human beings. For us, how-ever, these forms of expression are like vestments, which we may puton, but cannot do much with, since we lack the effective power thatwould give them point and purpose.In the actual use of these expressions we, as it were, make detours,go by side roads. We see the straight highway before us, but of coursecannot use it, because it is permanently closed.
427. “While I was speaking to him, I did not know what was goingon in his head.” In saying this, one is not thinking of brain processes,but of thought processes. This picture should be taken seriously. Wereally would like to see into his head. And yet we only mean what weordinarily mean by saying that we would like to know what he is think-ing. I want to say: we have this vivid picture a and that use, appar-ently contradicting the picture, which expresses something mental.
428. “A thought a what a strange thing!” a but it does not strike usas strange when we are thinking. A thought does not strike us as mys-terious while we are thinking, but only when we say, as it were retro-spectively, “How was that possible?” How was it possible for athought to deal with this very object? It seems to us as if we had cap-tured reality with the thought.
429. The agreement, the harmony, between thought and reality consistsin this: that if I say falsely that something is red, then all the same, itis red that it isn’t. |128| And in this: that if I want to explain the word“red” to someone, in the sentence “That is not red”, I do so by point-ing to something that is red.
430. “Put a ruler against this object; it does not say that the object isso-and-so long. Rather, it is in itself a I am tempted to say a dead,and achieves nothing of what a thought can achieve.” a It is as if wehad imagined that the essential thing about a living human being wasthe outward form. Then we made a lump of wood into that form andwere abashed to see the lifeless block, lacking any similarity to a liv-ing creature.
431. “There is a gap between an order and its execution. It has to beclosed by the process of understanding.”“Only in the process of understanding does the order mean that we are to do this. The order —– why, that is nothing but sounds, ink-marks. a”
432. Every sign by itself seems dead. What gives it life? a In use it lives.Is it there that it has living breath within it? a Or is the use its breath?
433. When we give an order, it may look as if the ultimate thing soughtby the order had to remain unexpressed, as there is still a gap betweenan order and its execution. Say I want someone to make a particularmovement: for example, to raise his arm. To make my order quite clear,I demonstrate the movement to him. This picture seems unambiguousuntil the question is raised: how does he know that he is to make thatmovement? a How does he know at all what he is to do with the signsI give him, whatever they are? a Perhaps I shall now try to supplementthe order with further signs, by pointing from myself to him, by mak-ing encouraging gestures, and so forth. Here it looks as if the orderwere beginning to stammer.As if the sign were precariously trying to induce understanding in us.a But if we now understand it, in what signs do we do so?
434. The gesture a one would like to say a tries to preﬁgure, but can’tdo so.
435. If it is asked, “How does a sentence manage to represent?” a theanswer might be: “Don’t you know? Surely you see it, when you useone.” After all, nothing is concealed.How does a sentence do it? a Don’t you know? After all, nothing ishidden.But when given the answer “But you know how a sentence does it,after all, nothing is concealed”, one would like to retort, “Yes, but itall goes by so quickly, and I should like to see it, as it were, more fullylaid out.” |129|
436. Here it is easy to get into that dead end in philosophizing whereone believes that the difﬁculty of the problem consists in our having todescribe phenomena that evade our grasp, the present experience thatslips quickly by, or something akin a where we ﬁnd ordinary languagetoo crude, and it looks as if we were dealing not with the phenomenaof everyday conversation, but with ones that “are evanescent, and, intheir coming to be and passing away, tend to produce those others”.(Augustine: Manifestissima et usitatissima sunt, et eadem rursusnimis latent, et nova est inventio eorum.)
437. A wish seems already to know what will or would satisfy it; aproposition, a thought, to know what makes it true a even when thereis nothing there! Whence this determining of what is not yet there? Thisdespotic demand? (“The hardness of the logical must”.)
438. “A plan, as such, is something unsatisﬁed.” (Like a wish, an expec-tation, a conjecture, and so on.)Here I mean: expectation is unsatisﬁed, because it is an expectationof something; a belief, an opinion, is unsatisﬁed, because it is an opinion that something is the case, something real, something outsidethe process of believing.
439. In what sense can one call wishes, expectations, beliefs, etc.“unsatisﬁed”? What is our prototype of non-satisfaction? Is it a hol-low space? And would one call that “unsatisﬁed”? Wouldn’t this be ametaphor too? a Isn’t what we call non-satisfaction a say, hunger aa feeling?In a particular system of expressions we can describe an object bymeans of the words “satisﬁed” and “unsatisﬁed”. For example, if westipulate that a hollow cylinder is to be called “an unsatisﬁed cylinder”,and the solid cylinder that ﬁlls it “its satisfaction”.
440. Saying “I’d like an apple” does not mean: I believe an apple willquell my feeling of non-satisfaction. This utterance is an expression notof a wish but of non-satisfaction.
441. By nature and by a particular training, a particular education, weare predisposed to express wishes in certain circumstances. (A wish is,of course, not such a ‘circumstance’.) In this game, the question as towhether I know what I wish before my wish is |130| fulﬁlled cannotarise at all. And the fact that some event stops my wishing does notmean that it fulﬁls it. Perhaps I wouldn’t have been satisﬁed if my wishhad been satisﬁed.On the other hand, the word “wish” is also used in this way: “I don’tknow myself what I wish for.” (“For wishes themselves are a veil betweenus and the thing wished for.”)Suppose someone asked, “Do I know what I long for before I getit?” If I have learned to talk, then I do.
442. I see someone aiming a gun and say “I expect a bang”. The shotis ﬁred. a What! a was that what you expected? So did that bang some-how already exist in your expectation? Or is it just that your expecta-tion agrees in some other respect with what occurred; that that noisewas not contained in your expectation, and merely supervened as anaccidental property when the expectation was being fulﬁlled? a But no,if the noise had not occurred, my expectation would not have beenfulﬁlled; the noise fulﬁlled it; it was not an accompaniment of thefulﬁlment like a second guest accompanying the one I expected. Wasthe feature of the event that was not also in the expectation somethingaccidental, an extra provided by fate? a But then, what was not anextra? Did something of the shot already occur in my expectation? aThen what was extra? for wasn’t I expecting the whole shot.“The bang was not as loud as I had expected.” a “Then was therea louder bang in your expectation?”
443. “The red which you imagine is surely not the same (not the samething) as the red which you see in front of you; so how can you saythat it is what you imagined?” a But haven’t we an analogous casewith the sentences “Here is a red patch” and “Here there isn’t a redpatch”. The word “red” occurs in both; so this word can’t indicate thepresence of something red.
444. One may have the feeling that in the sentence “I expect he is com-ing” one is using the words “he is coming” in a different sense fromthe one they have in the assertion “He is coming”. But if that were so,how could I say that my expectation had been fulﬁlled? If I wanted toexplain the words “he” and “is coming”, say by means of ostensiveexplanations, the same explanations of these words would go for bothsentences.But now one might ask: what does his coming look like? a The dooropens, someone walks in, and so on. a What does my expecting him|131| to come look like? a I walk up and down the room, look at theclock now and then, and so on. a But the one sequence of events hasnot the slightest similarity to the other! So how can one use the samewords in describing them? a But then perhaps I say, as I walk up anddown: “I expect he’ll come in.” a Now there is a similarity here. Butof what kind?!
445. It is in language that an expectation and its fulﬁlment make contact.
446. It would be odd to say: “A process looks different when it happens from when it doesn’t happen.” Or: “A red patch looks dif-ferent when it is there from when it isn’t there a but language abstractsfrom this difference, for it speaks of a red patch whether it is there or not.”
447. The feeling is as if the negation of a proposition had ﬁrst, in acertain sense, to make it true, in order to be able to negate it.(The assertion of the negating proposition contains the propositionwhich is negated, but not the assertion of it.)
448. “If I say I did not dream last night, still I must know where tolook for a dream; that is, ‘I dreamt’, applied to this actual situation,may be false, but mustn’t be nonsense.” a Does that mean, then, thatyou did, after all, feel something, as it were the hint of a dream, whichmade you aware of the place which a dream would have occupied?Again, if I say “I have no pain in my arm”, does that mean that Ihave a shadow of a sensation of pain, which, as it were, indicates theplace where a pain could have been?In what sense does my present painless state contain the possibilityof pain?If someone says, “For the word ‘pain’ to have a meaning, it is neces-sary that pain should be recognized as such when it occurs” a one can reply: “It is not more necessary than that the absence of pain shouldbe recognized.”
449. “But mustn’t I know what it would be like if I were in pain?” aOne can’t shake oneself free of the idea that using a sentence consistsin imagining something for every word.One fails to bear in mind the fact that one calculates, operates, withwords, and in due course transforms them into this or that picture. a It is as if one believed that a written order for a |132| cow, whichsomeone is to hand over to me, always had to be accompanied by amental image of a cow if the order was not to lose its sense.
450. Knowing what someone looks like: being able to imagine it a butalso: being able to mimic it. Need one imagine it in order to mimic it?And isn’t mimicking it just as good as imagining it?
451. What if I give someone the order “Imagine a red circle here” aand now I say: understanding the order means knowing what it is likefor it to have been carried out a or even: being able to imagine whatit is like . . . ?
452. I want to say: “If someone could see an expectation, the mentalprocess, then he’d surely see what was being expected.” a But that’sjust how it is: anyone who sees the expression of an expectation willsee what is being expected. And in what other way, in what other sense,could one see it?
453. Anyone who perceived my expecting should perceive directlywhat was expected a that is, not infer it from the process he perceived!a But to say that someone perceives an expectation makes no sense.Unless it means something like: he perceives the manifestations ofexpectation. To say of an expectant person that he perceives his expec-tation, instead of saying “he expects” would be an idiotic distortion ofthe words.
454. “Everything is already there in . . .” How does it come about thatthis arrow points? Doesn’t it seem to carry within it somethingextraneous to itself? a “No, not the dead line on paper; only a men-tal thing, the meaning, can do that.” a That is both true and false. Thearrow points only in the application that a living creature makes of it.This pointing is not a hocus-pocus that can be performed only bythe mind.
455. We are inclined to say: “When we mean something, there is nodead picture here (no matter of what kind), but, rather, it’s like goingtowards someone.” We go towards the thing we mean.
456. “When one means something, it is oneself that means”; so onesets oneself in motion. One rushes ahead, and so cannot also observeone’s rushing ahead. Indeed not. |133|
457. Yes, meaning something is like going towards someone.
458. “An order orders its own execution.” So it knows its executionbefore it is even there? a But that was a grammatical proposition, andit says: if an order runs “Do such-and-such”, then doing such-and-suchis called “executing the order”.
459. We say “The order orders this a”, and do it; but also: “The orderorders this: I am to . . .” We translate it at one time into a sentence, atanother into a demonstration, and at another into action.
460. Could a justiﬁcation of an action as the execution of an order runlike this: “You said ‘Bring me a yellow ﬂower’, whereupon this ﬂowergave me a feeling of satisfaction; that’s why I’ve brought it”? Wouldn’tone have to reply: “But I didn’t tell you to bring me a ﬂower that wouldgive you that sort of feeling in response to my words!”?
461. In what sense does an order anticipate its fulﬁlment? a By nowordering just that which later on is carried out? a But this would surelyhave to run: “which later on is carried out, or again is not carried out”.And that says nothing.“But even if my wish does not determine what is going to be the case,still it does, so to speak, determine the theme of a fact, no matter whethersuch a fact fulﬁls the wish or not.” We are, as it were, surprised, notat someone’s knowing the future, but at his being able to prophesy atall (right or wrong).As if the mere prophecy, no matter whether true or false, foresha-dowed the future; whereas it knows nothing of the future and cannotknow less than nothing.
462. I can look for him when he is not there, but not hang him whenhe is not there.One might want to say: “But he must be around, if I am looking forhim.” a Then he must also be around if I don’t ﬁnd him, and even ifhe doesn’t exist at all.
463. “You were looking for him? You couldn’t even have known if he was there!” a But this problem really does arise when one looks for something in mathematics. One can ask, for example, how was itpossible so much as to look for the trisection of an angle?
464. What I want to teach is: to pass from unobvious nonsense to obvi-ous nonsense. |134|
465. “An expectation is so made that whatever happens has to accordwith it, or not.”If someone now asks: then is what is the case determined, give ortake a yes or no, by an expectation or not a that is, is it determinedin what sense the expectation would be satisﬁed by an event, no mat-ter what happens? a then one has to reply: “Yes, unless the expressionof the expectation is indeﬁnite, for example, if it contains a disjunctionof different possibilities.”
466. What does man think for? What is it good for? a Why does hemake boilers according to calculations, and not leave the thickness oftheir walls to chance? After all, it is only a fact of experience that boil-ers made according to these calculations do not explode so often. But,just as having once been burnt, he would do anything rather than puthis hand into a ﬁre, so too he would do anything rather than not cal-culate for a boiler. a However, since we are not interested in causes,we shall say: human beings do in fact think: this is how they proceed,for example, when they make a boiler. a Now, can’t a boiler producedin this way explode? Oh, yes.
467. Does man think, then, because he has found that thinking pays?a Because he thinks it advantageous to think?(Does he bring his children up because he has found it pays?)
468. How could one ﬁnd out why he thinks?
469. And yet one may say that thinking has been found to pay. Thatthere are fewer boiler explosions than there used to be, now that weno longer go by hunches in deciding the thickness of the walls, but makesuch-and-such calculations instead. Or, ever since each calculationdone by one engineer got checked by another.
470. So sometimes one thinks because it has been found to pay.
471. Often it is only when we suppress the question “Why?” that webecome aware of those important facts, which then, in the course ofour investigations, lead to an answer.
472. The character of the belief in the uniformity of nature can perhaps be seen most clearly in the case in which what is expected issomething we fear. Nothing could induce me to put my hand into aﬂame a even though it is only in the past that I have burnt myself.
473. The belief that ﬁre will burn me is of the same kind as the fearthat it will burn me. |135|
474. I shall get burnt if I put my hand in the ﬁre a that is certainty.That is to say, here we see what certainty means. (Not just the mean-ing of the word “certainty” but also what certainty amounts to.)
475. On being asked for the reasons for a supposition, one calls themto mind. Does the same thing happen here as when one considers whatmay have been the causes of an event?
476. A distinction should be made between the object of fear and thecause of fear.So a face which inspires fear or delight (the object of fear or delight)is not on that account its cause, but a one might say a its target.
477. “Why do you believe that you will burn yourself on the hotplate?”a Have you reasons for this belief, and do you need reasons?
478. What kind of reason have I to assume that my ﬁnger will feel aresistance when it touches the table? What kind of reason for believ-ing that this pencil will not pierce my hand without hurting it? a WhenI ask this, a hundred reasons present themselves, each drowning outthe voice of the others. “But I have experienced it myself innumerabletimes, often heard of similar experiences; if it were not so, it would . . . ;and so forth.”
479. The question “For what reasons do you believe this?” mightmean: “From what reasons are you now deriving it (have you just derivedit)?” But it might also mean: “With hindsight, what reasons can yougive me for this supposition?”
480. So one could actually take “reasons” for a belief to mean onlywhat a person had said to himself before he arrived at the belief a thecalculation that he actually carried out. If someone now asks, “But howcan previous experience be a reason for the supposition that such-and-such will occur later on?”, the answer is: What general concept havewe of reasons for this kind of supposition? This sort of statement aboutthe past is simply what we call a reason for supposing that this willhappen in the future. a And if one is surprised at our playing such agame, I appeal to the effect of a past experience (to the fact that a burntchild fears the ﬁre). |136|
481. If anyone said that information about the past couldn’t convincehim that something would happen in the future, I wouldn’t understandhim. One might ask him: What do you expect to be told, then? Whatsort of information do you call a reason for believing this? What doyou call “convincing”? In what kind of way do you expect to be con-vinced? a If these are not reasons, then what are reasons? a If you saythat these are not reasons, then you must surely be able to state whatmust be the case for us to be warranted in saying that there are rea-sons for our supposition.For note: here reasons are not propositions which logically imply whatis believed.But it is not as if one can say: less is needed for belief than for know-ledge. a For this is not a matter of approximating to logical consequence.
482. We are misled by this way of putting it: “This is a good reason,for it makes the occurrence of the event probable.” That is as if wehad said something further about the reason, something which justiﬁedit as a reason; whereas to say that this reason makes the occurrenceprobable is to say nothing except that this reason comes up to a particular standard of good reasons a but that the standard has nogrounds!
483. A good reason is one that looks like this.
484. One would like to say: “It is a good reason only because it makesthe occurrence really probable.” Because it, so to speak, really has aninﬂuence on the event; as it were an empirical one.
485. Justiﬁcation by experience comes to an end. If it did not, it wouldnot be justiﬁcation.
486. Does it follow from the sense impressions which I get that thereis a chair over there? a How can a proposition follow from sense impres-sions? Well, does it follow from the propositions which describe thesense impressions? No. a But don’t I infer that a chair is there fromimpressions, from sense-data? a I make no inference! a and yet I some-times do. I see a photograph, for example, and say “So there must havebeen a chair over there”, or again, “From what one can see here, I inferthat there is a chair over there”. That is an inference; but not one belong-ing to logic. An inference is a transition to an assertion; and so also tothe behaviour that corresponds to the assertion. ‘I draw the consequences’not only in words, but also in deeds. |137|Was I justiﬁed in drawing these consequences? What is called ajustiﬁcation here? a How is the word “justiﬁcation” used? Describe language-games! From these you will also be able to see the impor-tance of being justiﬁed.
487. “I’m leaving the room because you tell me to.”“I’m leaving the room, but not because you tell me to.”Does this sentence describe a connection between my action and hisorder; or does it make the connection?Can one ask: “How do you know that you do it because of this, ornot because of this?” And is the answer perhaps: “I feel it”?
488. How do I judge whether it is so? By circumstantial evidence?
489. Ask yourself: On what occasion, for what purpose, do we say this?What kinds of action accompany these words? (Think of a greeting.)In what kinds of setting will they be used; and what for?
490. How do I know that this train of thought has led me to this action?a Well, it is a particular picture: for example, of a calculation leadingto a further experiment in an experimental investigation. It looks likethis —– and now I could describe an example.
491. Not: “without language we could not communicate with oneanother” a but for sure: without language we cannot inﬂuence otherhuman beings in such-and-such ways; cannot build roads andmachines, and so on. And also: without the use of speech and writing,human beings could not communicate.
492. To invent a language could mean to invent a device for a parti-cular purpose on the basis of the laws of nature (or consistently withthem); but it also has the other sense, analogous to that in which wespeak of the invention of a game.Here I am saying something about the grammar of the word “lan-guage”, by connecting it with the grammar of the word “invent”.
493. One says, “The cock calls the hens by crowing” a but isn’t allthis already based on a comparison with our language? a Don’t we seeall this quite differently if we imagine the crowing to set the hens inmotion by some kind of physical causation?But if it were shown how the words “Come to me” act on the per-son addressed so that, ﬁnally, given certain conditions, the muscles ofhis |138| legs are innervated, and so on a would that sentence therebylose the character of a sentence for us?
494. I want to say: it is above all the apparatus of our ordinary lan-guage, of our word-language, that we call “language”; and then otherthings by analogy or comparability with it.
495. Clearly, I can establish by experience that a human being (or animal) reacts to one sign as I want him to, and to another not. That,” and goesfor example, a human being goes to the right at the sign “to the left at the sign “”as to “”; but does not react to the sign “0”, and so on.I don’t even need to make up a case, I just have to consider what isactually so: namely, that I can direct a person who has learned onlyEnglish, only by using English. (For here I am looking at learning Englishas adjusting a mechanism to respond to a certain kind of inﬂuence; andit may be all one to us whether someone has learned the language, orwas perhaps from birth constituted to react to sentences in English likea normal person who has learned English.)
496. Grammar does not tell us how language must be constructed inorder to fulﬁl its purpose, in order to have such-and-such an effect onhuman beings. It only describes, and in no way explains, the use of signs.
497. The rules of grammar may be called “arbitrary”, if that is to meanthat the purpose of grammar is nothing but that of language.If someone says, “If our language had not this grammar, it could notexpress these facts” a it should be asked what “could” means here.
498. When I say that the orders “Bring me sugar!” and “Bring me milk!”have a sense, but not the combination “Milk me sugar”, this does notmean that the utterance of this combination of words has no effect.And if its effect is that the other person stares at me and gapes, I don’ton that account call it an order to stare at me and gape, even if thatwas precisely the effect that I wanted to produce.
499. To say “This combination of words has no sense” excludes it fromthe sphere of language, and thereby bounds the domain of language.But when one draws a boundary, it may be for various kinds of rea-son. If I surround an area with a fence or a line or otherwise, the pur-pose may be to prevent someone from getting in or out; |139| but itmay also be part of a game and the players are supposed, say, to jumpover the boundary; or it may show where the property of one personends and that of another begins; and so on. So if I draw a boundary-line, that is not yet to say what I am drawing it for.
500. When a sentence is called senseless, it is not, as it were, its sensethat is senseless. Rather, a combination of words is being excluded fromthe language, withdrawn from circulation.
501. “The purpose of language is to express thoughts.” a So presum-ably the purpose of every sentence is to express a thought. Then whatthought is expressed, for example, by the sentence “It’s raining”? a
502. Asking what the sense is. Compare:“This sentence has a sense.” a “What sense?”“This sequence of words is a sentence.” a “What sentence?”
503. If I give anyone an order, I feel it to be quite enough to give himsigns. And I’d never say: these are just words, and I’ve got to get behindthe words. Equally, when I’ve asked someone something, and he givesme an answer (that is, a sign), I am content a that’s what I expecteda and I don’t object: but that’s a mere answer.
504. But if someone says, “How am I to know what he means a I seeonly his signs?”, then I say, “How is he to know what he means, hetoo has only his signs?”
505. Must I understand an order before I can act on it? a Certainly,otherwise you wouldn’t know what you had to do! a But from know-ing to doing is surely a further step! a
506. The absent-minded man who at the order “Right turn!” turns left,and then, clutching his forehead, says “Oh! right turn”, and does a rightturn. a What has struck him? An interpretation?
507. “I am not merely saying this, I mean something by it.” a Whenone considers what is going on in us when we mean (and don’t merelysay) words, it seems to us as if there were something coupled to thesewords, which otherwise would run idle. a As if they, so to speak, engagedwith something in us.
508. I utter the sentence “The weather is ﬁne”; but the words are, afterall, arbitrary signs a so let’s put “a b c d” in their place. But now, whenI read this, I can’t connect it, without more ado, with the above sense.|140| I am not used, I might say, to saying “a” instead of “the”, “b”instead of “weather”, and so on. But I don’t mean by this that I amnot used to making an immediate association between the word “the”and “a”; rather, that I am not used to using “a” in the place of “the”a and therefore in the sense of “the”. (I don’t know this language.)(I am not used to Fahrenheit measures of temperature. That’s whysuch a speciﬁcation of temperature ‘says’ nothing to me.)
509. What if we asked someone, “In what sense are these words a descrip-tion of what you see?” a and he answers: “I mean this by these words.”(Perhaps he was looking at a landscape.) Why is this answer “I meanthis . . .” no answer at all?How does one mean, with words, what one sees before one?Suppose I said “a b c d” and meant thereby: the weather is ﬁne. Foras I uttered these signs, I had the experience normally had only by some-one who, year in, year out, used “a” in the sense of “the”, “b” in thesense of “weather”, and so on. a Does “a b c d” now say: the weatheris ﬁne?What should be the criterion for my having had that experience?
510. Try to do the following: say “It’s cold here”, and mean “It’s warmhere”. Can you do it? a And what are you doing as you do it? And isthere only one way of doing it?
511. What does “discovering that an utterance doesn’t make sense” mean?a And what does it mean to say, “If I mean something by it, surely itmust make sense”? a If I mean something by it? a If I mean what byit?! a One wants to say: a sentence that makes sense is one which onecan not merely say, but also think.
512. It looks as if one could say: “Word-language allows of nonsens-ical combinations of words, but the language of imagining does not allowus to imagine anything nonsensical.” a Hence, too, the language of draw-ing doesn’t allow nonsensical drawings? Suppose they were drawingsfrom which bodies were to be modelled. In this case, some drawingsmake sense, some not. a What if I imagine nonsensical combinationsof words?
513. Consider the following form of expression: “The number of pagesin my book is equal to a solution of the equation x3 + 2x − 3 = 0.” Or:“The number of my friends is n, and n2 + 2n + 2 = 0.” Does this sen-tence make sense? This cannot be seen immediately. From this exam-ple |141| one can see how it can come about that something looks likea sentence which we understand, and yet makes no sense.(This throws light on the concepts of understanding and of meaning something.)
514. A philosopher says that he understands the sentence “I am here”,that he means something by it, thinks something a even though he doesn’t call to mind in the least how, on what occasions, this sen-tence is used. And if I say “A rose is red in the dark too”, you virtuallysee this red in the dark before you.
515. Two pictures of a rose in the dark. One is quite black; for the roseis not visible. In the other, it is painted in full detail and surroundedby black. Is one of them right, the other wrong? Don’t we talk of awhite rose in the dark and of a red rose in the dark? And don’t wenevertheless say that they can’t be distinguished in the dark?
516. It seems clear that we understand the meaning of the question “Doesthe sequence 7777 occur in the development of π?” It is an English sen-tence; it can be shown what it means for 415 to occur in the develop-ment of π; and similar things. Well, our understanding of that questionreaches just so far, one may say, as such explanations reach.
517. The question arises: Can’t we be mistaken in thinking that we under-stand a question?For some mathematical proofs do lead us to say that we cannot ima-gine something which we believed we could imagine. (For example, theconstruction of a heptagon.) They lead us to revise what counts as thedomain of the imaginable.
518. Socrates to Theaetetus: “And if someone imagines, mustn’t he ima-gine something?” a Th.: “Yes, he must.” a Soc.: “And if he imaginessomething, mustn’t it be something real?” a Th.: “Apparently.”And mustn’t someone who is painting be painting something a andsomeone who is painting something be painting something real? a Well,tell me what the object of painting is: the picture of the man (for exam-ple), or the man whom the picture portrays?
519. One wants to say that an order is a picture of the action that wascarried out on the order; but also that it is a picture of the action thatis to be carried out on the order.
520. “Even if one conceives of a proposition as a picture of a possiblestate of affairs, and says that it shows the possibility of the state ofaffairs, |142| still, the most that a proposition can do is what a paint-ing or relief or ﬁlm does; and so it can, at any rate, not present whatis not the case. So does what is, and what is not, called (logically) pos-sible depend wholly on our grammar a that is, on what it permits?”a But surely that is arbitrary! a Is it arbitrary? a It is not every sentence-like formation that we know how to do something with, notevery technique that has a use in our life; and when we are tempted inphilosophy to count something quite useless as a proposition, that isoften because we have not reﬂected sufﬁciently on its application.
521. Compare ‘logically possible’ with ‘chemically possible’. One mightperhaps call a combination chemically possible if a formula with theright valencies existed (e.g. H - O - O - O - H). Of course, such a com-bination need not exist; but even the formula HO2 cannot have less thanno combination corresponding to it in reality.
522. If we compare a proposition to a picture, we must considerwhether we are comparing it to a portrait (a historical representation)or to a genre-picture. And both comparisons make sense.When I look at a genre-picture, it ‘tells’ me something, even thoughI don’t believe (imagine) for a moment that the people I see in it reallyexist, or that there have really been people in that situation. For sup-pose I ask, “What does it tell me, then?”
523. “A picture tells me itself” is what I’d like to say. That is, its telling me something consists in its own structure, in its own forms and colours. (What would it mean to say “A musical theme tells meitself”?)
524. Don’t take it as a matter of course, but as a remarkable fact, thatpictures and ﬁctitious narratives give us pleasure, absorb us.(“Don’t take it as a matter of course” a that means: puzzle over this,as you do over some other things which disturb you. Then what is prob-lematic will disappear, by your accepting the one fact as you do theother.)( (The transition from obvious nonsense to something which is unobvi-ous nonsense.) )
525. “After he had said this, he left her as he did the day before.” aDo I understand this sentence? Do I understand it just as I would if Iheard it in the course of a report? If it stood alone, |143| I’d say I don’tknow what it’s about. But all the same, I’d know how this sentencemight perhaps be used; I could even invent a context for it.(A multitude of familiar paths lead off from these words in all directions.)
526. What does it mean to understand a picture, a drawing? Here toothere is understanding and not understanding. And here too theseexpressions may mean various kinds of thing. The picture is, say, a still-life; but I don’t understand one part of it: I cannot see solid objectsthere, but only patches of colour on the canvas. a Or I see all the objects,but I am not familiar with them (they look like implements, but I don’tknow their use). a Perhaps, however, I know the objects, but, inanother sense, do not understand the way they are arranged.
527. Understanding a sentence in language is much more akin tounderstanding a theme in music than one may think. What I mean is that understanding a spoken sentence is closer than one thinks to what is ordinarily called understanding a musical theme. Why is justthis the pattern of variation in intensity and tempo? One would like to say: “Because I know what it all means.” But what does it mean?I’d not be able to say. As an ‘explanation’, I could compare it with something else which has the same rhythm (I mean the same pattern).(One says, “Don’t you see, this is as if a conclusion were being drawn”or “This is, as it were, a parenthesis”, and so on. How does one justify such comparisons? a There are very different kinds of justiﬁca-tion here.)
528. One might imagine people who had something not altogether unlikea language: vocal gestures, without vocabulary or grammar. (‘Speakingwith tongues’.)
529. “But what would the meaning of the sounds be in such a case?”a What is it in music? Though I don’t at all wish to say that this language of vocal gestures would have to be compared to music.
530. There might also be a language in whose use the ‘soul’ of the wordsplayed no part. In which, for example, we had no objection to replac-ing one word by a new, arbitrarily invented one.
531. We speak of understanding a sentence in the sense in which it canbe replaced by another which says the same; but also in the sense |144|in which it cannot be replaced by any other. (Any more than one musi-cal theme can be replaced by another.)In the one case, the thought in the sentence is what is common todifferent sentences; in the other, something that is expressed only bythese words in these positions. (Understanding a poem.)
532. Then has “understanding” two different meanings here? a Iwould rather say that these kinds of use of “understanding” make upits meaning, make up my concept of understanding.For I want to apply the word “understanding” to all this.
533. But in the second case, how can one explain the expression, com-municate what one understands? Ask yourself: How does one lead some-one to understand a poem or a theme? The answer to this tells us howone explains the sense here.
534. Hearing a word as having this meaning. How curious that thereshould be such a thing!Phrased like this, emphasized like this, heard in this way, this sen-tence is the beginning of a transition to these sentences, pictures,actions.( (A multitude of familiar paths lead off from these words in all directions.) )
535. What happens when we learn to feel the ending of a church modeas an ending?
536. I say: “I can think of this face (which gives an impression of timi-dity) as courageous too.” We do not mean by this that I can imaginesomeone with this face perhaps saving someone’s life (that, of course,is imaginable in connection with any face). I am speaking, rather, of anaspect of the face itself. Nor do I mean that I can imagine that thisman’s face might change so that it looked courageous in the ordinarysense, though I may very well mean that there is a quite deﬁnite wayin which it can turn into a courageous face. The reinterpretation of afacial expression can be compared to the reinterpretation of a chord in music, when we hear it as a modulation ﬁrst into this, then into that, key.
537. It is possible to say “I read timidity in this face”, but, at any rate,the timidity does not seem to be merely associated, outwardly connected,with the face; rather, fear is there, alive, in the features. If the featureschange slightly, we can speak of a corresponding change in the |145|fear. If we were asked, “Can you think of this face as an expression ofcourage too?” a we should, as it were, not know how to lodge couragein these features. Then perhaps I say, “I don’t know what it would meanif this is a courageous face.” But what would an answer to such a ques-tion be like? Perhaps one says: “Yes, now I understand: the face is, asit were, indifferent to the outer world.” So we have somehow read courageinto the face. Now once more, one might say, courage ﬁts this face. Butwhat ﬁts what here?
538. There is a related case (though perhaps it will not seem so) when,for example, we Germans are surprised that in French the predicativeadjective agrees with the substantive in gender, and when we explain itto ourselves by saying: they mean “der Mensch ist ein guter”.
539. I see a picture which represents a smiling face. What do I do if I take the smile now as a kind one, now as malicious? Don’t I oftenimagine it with a spatial and temporal context of kindness or malice?Thus I might, when looking at the picture, imagine it to be of a smilersmiling down on a child at play, or again on the suffering of an enemy.This is in no way altered by the fact that I can also take the apparently genial situation and interpret it differently by putting it intoa wider context. a If no special circumstances reverse my interpreta-tion, I shall conceive a particular smile as kind, call it a “kind” one,react accordingly.( (Probability, frequency.) )
540. “Isn’t it very peculiar that, without the institution of language andall its surroundings, I shouldn’t be able to think that it will soon stopraining?” a Do you want to say that it is strange that you should beunable to say these words to yourself and mean them without thosesurroundings?Suppose someone were to point at the sky and come out with a num-ber of unintelligible words. When we ask him what he means, he explainsthat the words mean “Thank heaven it’ll soon stop raining”. He evenexplains to us what the individual words mean. a I am assuming thathe will, as it were, suddenly come to himself and say that the sentencewas complete nonsense, but that when he uttered it, it had seemed tohim like a sentence in a language he knew (perhaps even |146| like afamiliar quotation.) a What am I to say now? Didn’t he understandthe sentence as he was saying it? Wasn’t the whole meaning there inthe sentence?
541. But what did this understanding, and the meaning, consist in? Heuttered the sounds in a cheerful voice perhaps, pointing to the sky whileit was still raining but was already beginning to clear up; later he madea connection between his words and the English words.
542. “But the point is, the words felt to him like the words of a lan-guage he knew well.” a Yes; a criterion for it is his later saying justthat. And now don’t say: “The feel of the words in a language we knowis of a quite particular kind.” (What is the expression of this feeling?)
543. Can’t I say: a cry, a laugh, are full of meaning?And that means, roughly: much can be gathered from them.
544. When longing makes me exclaim “Oh, if only he’d come!”, thefeeling gives the words ‘meaning’. But does it give the individual wordstheir meanings?But here one could also say that the feeling gave the words truth.And now you see how the concepts here shade into one another. (Thisrecalls the question: what is the sense of a mathematical proposition?)
545. But when one says “I hope he’ll come” a doesn’t the feeling givethe word “hope” its meaning? (And what about the sentence “I no longerhope he’ll come”?) The feeling does perhaps give the word “hope” itsspecial ring; that is, it is expressed in that ring. a If the feeling givesthe word its meaning, then here “meaning” amounts to: that which mat-ters. But why is the feeling what matters?Is hope a feeling? (Characteristic marks.)
546. In this way, I’d like to say, the words “Oh, if only he’d come!”are charged with my longing. And words can be wrung from us a likea cry. Words can be hard to utter: those, for example, with which onerenounces something, or confesses a weakness. (Words are also deeds.)
547. Negating: a ‘mental activity’. Negate something and observe whatyou are doing. a Do you perhaps inwardly shake your head? And ifyou do, is this process more deserving of our interest than, say, |147|that of writing a sign of negation in a sentence? Do you now know theessence of negation?
548. What is the difference between the two processes: wishing that something should happen and wishing that the same thing should nothappen?If one wanted to represent it pictorially, one might treat the pictureof the event in different ways: cross it out, or put a line round it, andso on. But this strikes us as a crude method of expression. In word-language we do indeed use the sign “not”. This is like a clumsy expe-dient. One supposes that in thought it happens differently.
549. “How can the word ‘not’ negate?” a “The sign ‘not’ indicates thatyou are to take what follows negatively.” One would like to say: thesign of negation is our occasion for doing something a possibly some-thing very complicated. It is as if the negation sign prompted us to dosomething. But what? That is not said. It is as if it only needed to behinted at; as if we already knew. As if no explanation were needed, sincewe are already familiar with the matter anyway.(a) “The fact that three negations yield a negation again mustalready be contained in the single negation that I am using now.”(The temptation to invent a myth of ‘meaning’.)It looks as if it followed from the nature of negation that a dou-ble negation is an afﬁrmation. (And there is something rightabout this. What? Our nature is connected with both.)(b) There can be no debate about whether these or other rules arethe right ones for the word “not” (I mean, whether they accordwith its meaning). For without these rules, the word has as yetno meaning; and if we change the rules, it now has another mean-ing (or none), and in that case we may just as well change theword too. |p. 147 n.|
550. Negating, one might say, is a gesture of exclusion, of rejection.But we use such a gesture in a great variety of cases!
551. “Is the negation in ‘Iron does not melt at 100 degrees Centigrade’the same as in ‘Two times two is not ﬁve’?” Is this to be decided byintrospection, by trying to see what we are thinking as we utter thetwo sentences?
552. What if I were to ask: does it become evident, while we are utter-ing the sentences “This rod is 1 metre long” and “Here is 1 soldier”,|148| that we mean different things by “1”, that “1” has different mean-ings? a It does not become evident at all. a Say, for example, such asentence as “1 metre is occupied by 1 soldier, and so 2 metres are occu-pied by 2 soldiers”. Asked, “Do you mean the same by both ‘ones’?”,one would perhaps answer, “Of course I mean the same: one!”(Perhaps raising one ﬁnger.)
553. Now has “1” a different meaning when it stands for a measureand when it stands for a number? If the question is framed in this way,one will answer afﬁrmatively.
554. We can easily imagine human beings with a ‘more primitive’logic, in which something corresponding to our negation is applied onlyto certain sentences; perhaps to those that do not yet contain any nega-tion. It would be possible to negate the sentence “He is going into thehouse”, but a negation of the negated sentence would be senseless, orwould count only as a repetition of the negation. Think of means of expressing negation different from ours: by the pitch of the utteredsentence, for instance. What would a double negation be like there?
555. The question of whether negation had the same meaning to thesepeople as to us would be analogous to the question as to whether theﬁgure “5” meant the same to people whose number series ended at 5as to us.
556. Imagine a language with two different words for negation, “X”and “Y”. Doubling “X” yields an afﬁrmation, doubling “Y” anemphatic negation. Apart from that, the two words are used similarly.a Now have “X” and “Y” the same meaning in sentences where theyoccur without being repeated? a One might give various answers to this.(a) The two words have different uses. So they have different mean-ings. But sentences in which they occur without being repeated, andwhich are otherwise the same, have the same sense.(b) The two words have the same function in language-games, exceptfor this one difference, which is just an unimportant matter of custom.The use of the two words is taught in the same way, by means of thesame actions, gestures, pictures, and so on; and in explanations of thewords, the difference in the ways they are used is appended as some-thing incidental, as one of the capricious features of the language. That’swhy we’ll say: “X” and “Y” have the same meaning.(c) We connect different images with the two negations. “X”, as it|149| were, turns the sense through 180°. And that is why two such nega-tions restore the sense to its former position. “Y” is like shaking one’shead. And just as one doesn’t annul a shake of the head by shaking itagain, so too one doesn’t cancel one “Y” by a second one. And so evenif in practice sentences with the two signs of negation come to the samething, still “X” and “Y” express different ideas.
557. When I uttered the double negation, what constituted my mean-ing it as an emphatic negation and not as an afﬁrmation? There is noanswer running: “It consisted in the fact that . . .” In certain circum-stances, instead of saying “This reiteration is meant as an emphasis”,I can pronounce it as an emphasis. Instead of saying “The reiterationof the negation is meant to cancel it”, I can, for example, insert brack-ets. a “Yes, but these brackets may themselves have different roles; forwho says that they are to be taken as brackets?” No one does. Andhaven’t you explained your own conception in turn by means ofwords? What the brackets mean lies in the technique of applying them.The question is: under what circumstances does it make sense to say “I meant . . .”, and what circumstances warrant my saying “He meant . . .”?
558. What does it mean to say that the “is” in “The rose is red” hasa different meaning from the “is” in “Two times two is four”? If it isanswered that it means that different rules are valid for these two words,the retort is that we have only one word here. a And if I attend onlyto the grammatical rules, these do allow the use of the word “is” inboth kinds of context. a But the rule which shows that the word “is”has different meanings in these sentences is the one allowing us to replacethe word “is” in the second sentence by the sign of equality, and for-bidding this substitution in the ﬁrst sentence.
559. One would like to speak of the function of a word in this sen-tence. As if the sentence were a mechanism in which the word had aparticular function. But what does this function consist in? How doesit come to light? For after all, nothing is hidden a we see the wholesentence! The function must come out in operating the calculus.( (Meaning-bodies.) )
560. “The meaning of a word is what an explanation of its meaningexplains.” That is, if you want to understand the use of the word “mean-ing”, look for what one calls “an explanation of meaning”. |150|
561. Now isn’t it remarkable that I say that the word “is” is used with two different meanings (as copula and as sign of equality), andwouldn’t want to say that its meaning is its use; its use, namely, as copula and as sign of equality?One would like to say that these two kinds of use don’t yield a single meaning; the union under one head, effected by the same word,is an inessential coincidence.
562. But how can I decide what is an essential, and what an inessen-tial, coincidental, feature of the notation? Is there some reality lyingbehind the notation, to which its grammar conforms?Let’s think of a similar case in a game: in draughts a king is indi-cated by putting one piece on top of another. Now won’t one say thatit’s inessential to the game for a king to consist of two pieces?
563. Let’s say that the meaning of a piece is its role in the game. aNow let it be decided by lot, before a game of chess begins, which ofthe players gets white. For this, one player holds a king in each closedhand, while the other chooses one of the two hands, trusting to luck.Will it be counted as part of the role of the king in chess that it is usedto draw lots in this way?
564. So I am inclined to distinguish between essential and inessentialrules in a game too. The game, one would like to say, has not onlyrules but also a point.
565. What’s the point of using the same word? In the calculus we don’tmake use of any such sameness of sign! a Why the same chess piecefor both purposes? a But what does it mean here to speak of “makinguse of the sameness of sign”? For isn’t it a single use, if we actually usethe same word?
566. And now it looks as if the use of the same word or the same piecehad a purpose a if the sameness is not coincidental, inessential. Andas if the purpose were that one should be able to recognize the pieceand know how to play. a Are we talking about a physical or a logicalpossibility here? If the latter, then the sameness of the piece is part ofthe game.
567. But, after all, the game is supposed to be determined by the rules!So, if a rule of the game prescribes that the kings are to be used fordrawing lots before a game of chess, then that is an essential part ofthe game. What objection might one make to this? That one does notsee the point of this prescription. Perhaps as one likewise wouldn’t seethe point of a rule by which each piece had to be turned round threetimes |151| before one moved it. If we found this rule in a board-game,we’d be surprised and would speculate about the purpose of the rule.(“Was this prescription meant to prevent one from moving without dueconsideration?”)
568. If I understand the character of the game aright, I might say, thenthis isn’t an essential part of it.( (Meaning a a physiognomy.) )
569. Language is an instrument. Its concepts are instruments. Now per-haps one thinks that it can make no great difference which conceptswe employ. As, after all, it is possible to do physics in feet and inchesas well as in metres and centimetres; the difference is merely one ofconvenience. But even this is not true if, for instance, calculations insome system of measurement demand more time and trouble than wecan afford.
570. Concepts lead us to make investigations. They are the expressionof our interest and direct our interest.
571. A misleading parallel: psychology treats of processes in the mental sphere, as does physics in the physical.Seeing, hearing, thinking, feeling, willing, are not the subject matterof psychology in the same sense as that in which the movements of bodies, the phenomena of electricity, and so forth are the subject matterof physics. You can see this from the fact that the physicist sees, hears,thinks about and informs us of these phenomena, and the psychologistobserves the utterances (the behaviour) of the subject.
572. Expectation is, grammatically, a state; like being of an opinion,hoping for something, knowing something, being able to do something.But in order to understand the grammar of these states, it is necessaryto ask: “What counts as a criterion for anyone’s being in such a state?”(States of hardness, of weight, of ﬁtting.)
573. To have an opinion is a state. a A state of what? Of the soul? Ofthe mind? Well, what does one say has an opinion? Mr N.N., for exam-ple. And that is the correct answer.One should not expect to be enlightened by the answer to that ques-tion. Other questions that go deeper are: What, in particular cases, dowe regard as criteria for someone’s being of such-and-such an opinion?When do we say that he reached this opinion at that time? When thathe has altered his opinion? And so on. The picture that the answers tothese questions give us shows what gets treated grammatically as a statehere. |152|
574. A sentence, and hence in another sense a thought, can be the ‘expres-sion’ of belief, hope, expectation, etc. But believing is not thinking. (Agrammatical remark.) The concepts of believing, expecting, hoping areless different in kind from one another than they are from the conceptof thinking.
575. When I sat down on this chair, of course I believed it would bearme. The thought of its collapsing never crossed my mind.But: “In spite of everything that he did, I held fast to the belief . . .”Here there is thought, and perhaps a recurrent struggle to maintain anattitude.
576. I look at a burning fuse, excitedly watching the ﬂame approachthe explosive. Perhaps I don’t think anything at all, or have lots of dis-jointed thoughts. This is certainly a case of expecting.
577. We say “I’m expecting him” when we believe that he’ll come, thoughhis coming does not occupy our thoughts. (Here “I’m expecting him”would mean “I’d be surprised if he didn’t come” a and that will notbe called a description of a state of mind.) But we also say “I’m expect-ing him” when it is supposed to mean: I’m eagerly awaiting him. Wecould imagine a language in which different verbs were consistently usedin these cases. And similarly, more than one verb where we speak of‘believing’, ‘hoping’, and so on. The concepts of such a language wouldperhaps be more suitable for understanding psychology than are the con-cepts of our language.
578. Ask yourself: What does it mean to believe Goldbach’s conjecture?What does this belief consist in? In a feeling of certainty as we state,hear or think the conjecture? (That would not interest us.) And whatare the characteristics of this feeling? Why, I don’t even know how farthe feeling may be caused by the conjecture itself.Am I to say that belief is a colour tone of our thoughts? Where doesthis idea come from? Well, there is a tone of believing, as of doubting.I should like to ask: how does the belief engage with this conjecture?Let us look and see what are the consequences of this belief, where ittakes us. “It makes me search for a proof of the conjecture.” a Verywell; and now let us look and see what your searching really consistsin! Then we shall know what believing the conjecture amounts to. |153|
579. A feeling of conﬁdence. How is it manifested in behaviour?
580. An ‘inner process’ stands in need of outward criteria.
581. An expectation is embedded in a situation, from which it arises.The expectation of an explosion may, for example, arise from a situ-ation in which an explosion is to be expected.
582. If, instead of saying “I expect the explosion any moment now”,someone whispered “It’ll go off in a moment”, then his words do notdescribe a feeling, although they and their tone may be a manifestationof it.
583. “But you talk as if I weren’t really expecting, hoping, now a whenI thought I was. As if what were happening now had no deepsigniﬁcance.” a What does it mean to say “What is happening nowhas signiﬁcance” or “has deep signiﬁcance”? What is a deep feeling?Could someone have a feeling of ardent love or hope for one seconda no matter what preceded or followed this second? —– What is hap-pening now has signiﬁcance a in these surroundings. The surroundingsgive it its importance. And the word “hope” refers to a phenomenonof human life. (A smiling mouth smiles only in a human face.)
584. Now suppose I sit in my room and hope that N.N. will come andbring me some money, and suppose one minute of this state could beisolated, cut out of its context; would what happened in it then not behoping? a Think, for example, of the words which you may utter inthis time. They are no longer part of this language. And in differentsurroundings the institution of money doesn’t exist either.A coronation is the picture of pomp and dignity. Cut one minute ofthis proceeding out of its surroundings: the crown is being placed onthe head of the king in his coronation robes. a But in different sur-roundings, gold is the cheapest of metals, its gleam is thought vulgar.There the fabric of the robe is cheap to produce. A crown is a parodyof a respectable hat. And so on.
585. When someone says “I hope he’ll come”, is this a report abouthis state of mind, or a manifestation of his hope? a I may, for exam-ple, say it to myself. And surely I am not giving myself a report. It maybe a sigh; but it need not be. If I tell someone, “I can’t keep my mindon my work today; I keep on thinking of his coming” a this will becalled a description of my state of mind. |154|
586. “I’ve heard he is coming; I’ve been expecting him all day.” Thisis a report on how I have spent the day. —– In conversation, I cometo the conclusion that a particular event is to be expected, and I drawthis conclusion in the words “So now I must expect him to come”. Thismay be called the ﬁrst thought, the ﬁrst act, of this expectation. —–The exclamation “I’m expecting him a I’m longing to see him!” maybe called an act of expecting. But I can utter the same words as theresult of self-observation, and then they might amount to: “So, afterall that has happened, I’m still expecting him with longing.” It all dependson what led up to these words.
587. Does it make sense to ask “How do you know that you believethat?” a and is the answer: “I ﬁnd it out by introspection”?In some cases it will be possible to say some such thing, in most not.It makes sense to ask, “Do I really love her, or am I only foolingmyself?”, and the process of introspection is the calling up of memor-ies, of imagined possible situations, and of the feelings that one wouldhave if . . .
588. “I’m in two minds whether to go away tomorrow.” (This may becalled a description of a state of mind.) —– “Your arguments don’t con-vince me; now as before it is my intention to go away tomorrow.” Hereone is tempted to call the intention a feeling. The feeling is one of acertain rigidity, of irrevocable decision. (But here too there are manydifferent characteristic feelings and attitudes.) —– I am asked: “Howlong are you staying here?” I reply: “Tomorrow I’m going away; it’s the end of my holidays.” a But, by contrast, I say, at the end of aquarrel, “All right! Then I’ll go tomorrow!” a I make a decision.
589. “In my heart I’ve decided it.” And one is even inclined to pointto one’s breast as one says it. Psychologically, this way of speaking shouldbe taken seriously. Why should it be taken less seriously than the state-ment that faith is a state of the soul? (Luther: “Faith is under the leftnipple.”)
590. Someone might learn to understand the meaning of the expression“seriously meaning what one says” by a gesture of pointing at the heart.But now one must ask: “What shows that he has learnt it?” |155|
591. Am I to say that any one who has an intention has an experienceof tending towards something? That there are particular experiences of‘tending’? a Remember this case: if one urgently wants to make someremark, some objection, in a discussion, it often happens that one opensone’s mouth, draws a breath, and holds it; if one then decides to letthe objection drop, one lets one’s breath out. The experience of whatgoes on here seems to be an experience of a tendency to say something.An observer will realize that I wanted to say something and then thoughtbetter of it. In this situation, that is. a In a different one, he would not interpret my behaviour in this way, however characteristic of theintention to speak it may be in the present situation. And is there any reason for assuming that this same experience could not occur insome quite different situation in which it has nothing to do with any‘tending’?
592. “But when you say ‘I intend to go away’, you surely mean it! Hereagain it just is the mental act of meaning that gives the sentence life. Ifyou merely repeat the sentence after someone else, say in order to mockhis way of speaking, then you utter it without this act of meaning.” aWhen we are doing philosophy, it may sometimes look like that. Butlet’s think up really different situations and conversations, and the waysin which that sentence is uttered in them. a “I always discover a men-tal undertone; perhaps not always the same one.” a And was there noundertone there when you repeated the sentence after someone else?And how is the ‘undertone’ now to be separated from the rest of theexperience of speaking?
593. A main cause of philosophical diseases a a one-sided diet: one nour-ishes one’s thinking with only one kind of example.
594. “But the words, signiﬁcantly uttered, have, after all, not only asurface, but also a dimension of depth!” After all, something differentdoes take place when they are uttered signiﬁcantly from when they aremerely uttered. a How I express this is not the point. Whether I saythat in the ﬁrst case they have depth; or that something goes on in me,in my mind, as I utter them; or that they have an atmosphere a it alwayscomes to the same thing.“Well, if we all agree about that, won’t it be true?”(I cannot accept the other person’s testimony, because it is not testi-mony. It only tells me what he is inclined to say.)
595. It is natural for us to say a sentence in such-and-such a context,and unnatural to say it in isolation. Are we to say that |156| there is aparticular feeling accompanying the utterance of every sentence whoseutterance comes naturally to us?
596. The feeling of ‘familiarity’ and of ‘naturalness’. It is easier to come across a feeling of unfamiliarity and of unnaturalness. Or, feel-ings. For not everything that is unfamiliar to us makes an impressionof unfamiliarity upon us. And here one has to consider what we call“unfamiliar”. If a boulder lies on the road, we know it for a boulder,but perhaps not for the one which has always been lying there. We recognize a man, say, as a man, but not as an acquaintance. There arefeelings of long-standing familiarity: they are sometimes manifest in a particular way of looking or by the words “The same old room!”(which I occupied many years before and, now returning, ﬁndunchanged). Equally, there are feelings of strangeness: I stop short, lookat the object or man questioningly or suspiciously, and say “I ﬁnd itall strange”. a But the existence of this feeling of strangeness does notgive us a reason for saying that every object which we know well andwhich does not seem strange to us gives us a feeling of familiarity. a It is as if we thought that the space once ﬁlled by the feeling of strangeness must surely be ﬁlled by something. The space for thesekinds of atmosphere is there, and if one of them is not ﬁlling it, thenanother is.
597. Germanisms will creep into the speech of a German who speaksEnglish well, even though he does not ﬁrst construct the Germanexpression and then translate it into English. This will make him speakEnglish as if he were translating ‘unconsciously’ from German. So too,we often think in a way that makes it seem as if our thinking weregrounded in a thought-schema, as if we were translating from a moreprimitive mode of thought into our own.
598. When we do philosophy, we are inclined to hypostatize feelingswhere there are none. They serve to explain our thoughts to us.“Here the explanation of our thinking requires a feeling!” It is as ifour conviction answered to this demand.
599. In philosophy no inferences are drawn. “But it must be like this!”is not a philosophical proposition. Philosophy only states what every-one concedes to it.
600. Does everything that we do not ﬁnd conspicuous make an impres-sion of inconspicuousness? Does what is ordinary always make the impres-sion of ordinariness? |157|
601. When I talk about this table a do I remember that this object iscalled a “table”?
602. Asked “Did you recognize your desk when you entered yourroom this morning?” a I’d no doubt say “Certainly!” And yet it wouldbe misleading to say that any recognizing had occurred. Of course, thedesk was not strange to me; I wasn’t surprised to see it, as I would havebeen if another one had been standing there, or some unfamiliar object.
603. No one will say that every time I enter my room, my long famil-iar surroundings, there occurs an act of recognition of all that I see andhave seen hundreds of times before.
604. It is easy to misconceive what is called “recognizing”; as if re-cognizing always consisted in comparing two impressions with oneanother. It is as if I carried a picture of an object with me and used itto identify an object as the one represented by the picture. Our mem-ory seems to us to be the agent of such a comparison, by preserving apicture of what has been seen before, or by allowing us to look intothe past (as if down a spyglass).
605. Indeed, it is not so much as if I were comparing the object witha picture set beside it, but as if the object coincided with the picture.So I see only one thing, not two.
606. We say “The expression in his voice was genuine”. If it was spurious, we think of another one, as it were behind it. a This is theface he shows the world; inwardly he has another one. a But this doesnot mean that when his expression is genuine, he has two identical faces.( (“A quite particular expression.”) )
607. How does one guess the time? I don’t mean by clues, such as the position of the sun, the brightness of the room, and the like. aOne asks oneself, say, “What time can it be?”, pauses a moment, per-haps imagines a clock face, and then says a time. a Or one considersvarious possibilities, thinks ﬁrst of one time, then of another, and inthe end stops at a particular one. That’s the sort of thing one does. —– But isn’t the hunch accompanied by a feeling of conviction; anddoesn’t that mean that it now accords with an inner clock? a No, Idon’t read the time off from any clock; there is a feeling of conviction inasmuch as I say a time to myself without a feeling of doubt, withcalm assurance. a But doesn’t something click as I say |158| the time,stopping at a number? And I’d never have spoken of ‘a feeling of conviction’ here, but would have said: I considered a while and thenplumped for its being quarter past ﬁve. a But what did I go by? I mightperhaps have said “just by feeling”, which only means that I relied on a hunch. —– But surely you must at least have put yourself in aparticular state of mind in order to guess the time; and you don’t takejust any old idea of what time it is as giving the correct time! a Torepeat: I asked myself “I wonder what time it is” That is, I did not, for example, read this sentence in a story, or quote it as someone else’sutterance; nor was I practising the pronunciation of these words; and so on. These were not the circumstances of my saying the words.a But then, what were the circumstances? a I was thinking about my breakfast, and wondering whether it would be late today. These were the kind of circumstances. a But do you really not see that you were in a state of mind which, though intangible, is characteristicof guessing the time, as if you were surrounded by an atmosphere characteristic of doing so. a Yes; what was characteristic was that Isaid to myself “I wonder what time it is” a And if this sentence has aparticular atmosphere, how am I to separate it from the sentence itself?It would never have occurred to me to think that the sentence had suchan aura, if I had not thought of how one might say it differently a asa quotation, as a joke, as practice in elocution, and so on. And thenall at once I wanted to say a then all at once it seemed to me a thatI must after all have meant the words somehow specially; differently,that is, from in those other cases. The picture of the special atmosphereforced itself upon me; I virtually see the atmosphere before me a solong, that is, as I do not look at what, according to my memory, reallyhappened.And as for the feeling of certainty: I sometimes say to myself, “I amsure it’s . . .o’clock”, and in a more or less conﬁdent tone of voice, andso on. If you ask me the reason for this certainty, I have none.If I say: I read it off from an inner clock a that is a picture, and allthat corresponds to it is that I estimated the time. And the purpose ofthe picture is to assimilate this case to the other one. I am reluctant toacknowledge two different cases here.
608. The idea of the intangibility of that mental state in estimating thetime is of the greatest importance. Why is it intangible? Isn’t it |159|because we refuse to count what is tangible about our state as part ofthe speciﬁc state which we are postulating?
609. The description of an atmosphere is a special application of lan-guage, for special purposes.( (Interpreting ‘understanding’ as atmosphere; as a mental act. Onecan fabricate an atmosphere apropos anything. ‘An indescribable character.’) )
610. Describe the aroma of coffee! a Why can’t it be done? Do we lackthe words? And for what are words lacking? a But where do we getthe idea that such a description must, after all, be possible? Have youever felt the lack of such a description? Have you tried to describe thearoma and failed?( (I am inclined to say: “These notes say something glorious, but I donot know what.” These notes are a powerful gesture, but I cannot putanything side by side with it that will serve as an explanation. A gravenod. James: “We lack the words.” Then why don’t we introduce newones? What would have to be the case for us to be able to?) )
611. “Willing a wanting a too is merely an experience,” one wouldlike to say (the ‘will’ too only ‘idea’). It comes when it comes, and Icannot bring it about.Not bring it about? a Like what? What can I bring about, then? Whatam I comparing it with when I say this?
612. I wouldn’t say of the movement of my arm, for example, that itcomes when it comes, and so on. And this is the domain in which it makes sense to say that something doesn’t simply happen to us, butthat we do it. “I don’t need to wait for my arm to rise a I can raiseit.” And here I am making a contrast between the movement of my armand, say, the fact that the violent thudding of my heart will subside.
613. In the sense in which I can ever bring about anything (such as stomach-ache through overeating), I can also bring about wanting. Inthis sense, I bring about wanting to swim by jumping into the water. I suppose I was trying to say: I can’t want to want; that is, it makesno sense to speak of wanting to want. “Wanting” is not the name ofan action, and so not of a voluntary one either. And my use of a wrongexpression came from the fact that one is inclined to think of wantingas an immediate non-causal bringing about. But a misleading analogylies at the root of this idea; the causal |160| nexus seems to be establishedby a mechanism connecting two parts of a machine. The connection maybe disrupted if the mechanism malfunctions. (One thinks only of thenormal ways in which a mechanism goes wrong, not, say, of cog-wheelssuddenly going soft, or penetrating each other, and so on.)
614. When I raise my arm ‘voluntarily’, I don’t make use of any meansto bring the movement about. My wish is not such a means either.
615. “Willing, if it is not to be a sort of wishing, must be the actionitself. It mustn’t stop anywhere short of the action.” If it is the action,then it is so in the ordinary sense of the word; so it is speaking, writ-ing, walking, lifting a thing, imagining something. But it is also striv-ing, trying, making an effort a to speak, to write, to lift a thing, toimagine something, and so on.
616. When I raise my arm, I have not wished it to rise. The voluntaryaction excludes this wish. It is, however, possible to say: “I hope I shalldraw the circle faultlessly.” And that is to express a wish that one’s handshould move in such-and-such a way.
617. If we cross our ﬁngers in a special way, we are sometimes unableto move a particular ﬁnger when someone tells us to do so, if he onlypoints to the ﬁnger a merely shows it to the eye. However, if he touchesit, we can move it. One would like to describe this experience as fol-lows: we are unable to will to move the ﬁnger. The case is quite different from that in which we are not able to move the ﬁnger becausesomeone is, say, holding it. One is now inclined to describe the formercase by saying: one can’t ﬁnd any point of application for the will until the ﬁnger is touched. Only when one feels the ﬁnger can the willknow where it is to engage. a But this way of putting it is misleading.One would like to say: “How am I to know where I am to catch holdwith the will, if the feeling does not indicate the place?” But then howdo I know to what point I am to direct the will when the feeling is there?It is experience that shows that in this case the ﬁnger is, as it were,paralysed until we feel a touch on it; it could not have been known apriori.
618. One imagines the willing subject here as something without anymass (without any inertia), as a motor which has no inertia in itself toovercome. And so it is only mover, not moved. That is: |161| one cansay “I will, but my body does not obey me” a but not: “My will doesnot obey me.” (Augustine)But in the sense in which I can’t fail to will, I can’t try to will either.
619. And one might say: “It is only inasmuch as I can never try to willthat I can always will.”
620. Doing itself seems not to have any experiential volume. It seemslike an extensionless point, the point of a needle. This point seems tobe the real agent a and what happens in the realm of appearances merelyconsequences of this doing. “I do” seems to have a deﬁnite sense, inde-pendently of any experience.
621. But there is one thing we shouldn’t overlook: when ‘I raise myarm’, my arm rises. And now a problem emerges: what is left over if Isubtract the fact that my arm rises from the fact that I raise my arm?( (Are the kinaesthetic sensations my willing?) )
622. When I raise my arm, I don’t usually try to raise it.
623. “I want to get to that house at all costs.” a But if there is nodifﬁculty about it, can I strive at all costs to get to the house?
624. In the laboratory, when subjected to an electric current, for exam-ple, someone with his eyes shut says “I am moving my arm up anddown” a though his arm is not moving. “So”, we say, “he has the spe-cial feeling of making that movement.” a Move your arm to and frowith your eyes shut. And now try, while you do so, to talk yourselfinto the idea that your arm is staying still and that you are only hav-ing certain strange feelings in your muscles and joints!
625. “How do you know that you’ve raised your arm?” a “I feel it.”So what you recognize is the feeling? And are you certain that you re-cognize it right? a You’re certain that you’ve raised your arm; isn’t thisthe criterion, the measure, of recognizing?
626. “When I touch this object with a stick, I have the sensation oftouching in the tip of the stick, not in the hand that holds it.” Whensomeone says “The pain isn’t here in my hand, but in my wrist”, thishas the consequence that the doctor examines the wrist. But what dif-ference does it make if I say that I feel the hardness of the |162| objectin the tip of the stick or in my hand? Does what I say mean “It’s as ifI had nerve endings in the tip of the stick?” In what way is it like that?a Well, I am at any rate inclined to say, “I feel the hardness and soforth in the tip of the stick”. What goes with this is that when I touchthe object, I look not at my hand but at the tip of the stick; that I describewhat I feel by saying “I feel something hard and round there” a not“I feel a pressure against the tips of my thumb, middle ﬁnger, and indexﬁnger . . .” If, for example, someone were to ask me, “What are younow feeling in the ﬁngers that hold the probe?”, I might reply: “I don’tknow —– I feel something hard and rough over there”.
627. Consider the following description of a voluntary action: “I form the decision to pull the bell at 5 o’clock; and when it strikes 5,my arm makes this movement.” a Is that the correct description, andnot this one: “. . . and when it strikes 5, I raise my arm”? —– One wouldlike to supplement the ﬁrst description: “And lo and behold! my armgoes up when it strikes 5.” And this “lo and behold!” is precisely whatdoesn’t belong here. I do not say “Look, my arm is going up!” whenI raise it.
628. So one might say: voluntary movement is marked by the absenceof surprise. And now I don’t mean you to ask “But why isn’t one sur-prised here?”
629. When people talk about the possibility of foreknowledge of thefuture, they always overlook the case of predicting one’s voluntary movements.
630. Consider these two language-games:(a) Someone gives someone else the order to make particular move-ments with his arm, or to assume particular bodily positions (gymnas-tics instructor and pupil). And a variant of this language-game is this:the pupil gives himself orders and then carries them out.(b) Someone observes certain regular processes a for example, thereactions of different metals to acids a and thereupon makes predic-tions about the reactions that will occur in certain cases.There is an evident kinship between these two language-games, andalso a fundamental difference. In both, one might call the spokenwords “predictions”. But compare the training which leads to the ﬁrsttechnique with the training for the second one! |163|
631. “I’m going to take two powders now, and in half an hour I shallbe sick.” a It explains nothing to say that in the ﬁrst case I am theagent, in the second merely the observer. Or that in the ﬁrst case I seethe causal connection from inside, in the second from outside. And muchelse to the same effect.Nor is it to the point to say that a prediction of the ﬁrst kind is nomore infallible than one of the second kind.It wasn’t on the basis of observations of my behaviour that I said Iwas going to take two powders. The antecedents of this statement weredifferent. I mean the thoughts, actions, and so on which led up to it.And it can only be misleading to say: “The only essential presupposi-tion of your utterance was precisely your decision.”
632. I do not want to say that in the case of the expression of inten-tion “I am going to take two powders” the prediction is a cause a andits fulﬁlment the effect. (Perhaps a physiological investigation could deter-mine this.) So much, however, is true: we can often predict a man’s actionsfrom his expression of a decision. An important language-game.
633. “You were interrupted a while ago; do you still know what youwere going to say?” a If I do know now, and say it, does that meanthat I had already thought it before, only not said it? No. Unless youtake the certainty with which I continue the interrupted sentence as acriterion of the thought’s already having been completed at that time.a But, to be sure, the situation and the thoughts I had already containall sorts of things to help the sentence on.
634. When I continue the interrupted sentence and say that this washow I had been going to continue it, this is similar to elaborating atrain of thought from brief notes.Then don’t I interpret the notes? Was only one continuation pos-sible in these circumstances? Of course not. But I didn’t choose betweenthese interpretations. I remembered that I was going to say this.
635. “I was going to say . . .” a You remember various details. But not even all of them together show this intention. It is as if a snapshotof a scene had been taken, but only a few scattered details of it wereto be seen: here a hand, there a bit of a face, or a hat a the rest isdark. And now it is as if I knew quite certainly what the whole picturerepresented. As if I could read the darkness. |164|
636. These ‘details’ are not irrelevant in the sense in which other circumstances, which I can also remember, are irrelevant. But if I tellsomeone “For a moment I was going to say . . .”, he doesn’t learn thosedetails from this, nor need he guess them. He needn’t know, forinstance, that I had already opened my mouth to speak. But he can ‘ﬁllout the picture’ in this way. (And this ability is part of understandingwhat I tell him.)
637. “I know exactly what I was going to say!” And yet I didn’t sayit. a And yet I don’t read it off from some other process which tookplace then and which I remember.Nor am I interpreting that situation and its antecedents, which, afterall, I neither consider nor judge.
638. How does it come about that, in spite of this, I am inclined to see an interpretation in saying “For a moment I was going to deceivehim”?“How can you be certain that, for a moment, you were going to deceivehim? Weren’t your actions and thoughts much too rudimentary?”For may the evidence not be too scanty? Yes, when one follows itup, it seems extraordinarily scanty; but isn’t this because one is takingno account of the background of this evidence? If, for a moment, Iintended to pretend to someone that I was unwell, that required anantecedent context.If someone says “For a moment . . .”, is he really only describing amomentary process?But not even the entire background was my evidence for saying “Fora moment . . .”
639. Meaning something, one wants to say, develops. But there is a mistake in this too.
640. “This thought links up with thoughts which I have had before.”a How does it do so? Through a feeling of such a link? But how cana feeling really link these thoughts? a The word “feeling” is very mis-leading here. But it is sometimes possible to say with certainty, “Thisthought is connected with those earlier ones”, even though one is unableto point out the connection. Perhaps one will succeed later.
641. “Even if I had uttered the words ‘Now I’m going to deceive him’,my intention would have been no more certain than it already was.”a But if you had uttered those words, would you necessarily have meantthem seriously? (So |165| the most explicit expression of intention is byitself insufﬁcient evidence of intention.)
642. “At that moment I hated him.” a What happened here? Didn’t itconsist in thoughts, feelings and actions? And if I were to rehearse thatmoment to myself, I’d assume a particular expression, think of certainhappenings, breathe in a particular way, arouse certain feelings inmyself. I might think up a conversation, a whole scene in which thathatred ﬂared up. And I might act this scene with feelings approximat-ing those of a real incident. That I have actually been through some-thing of the sort will naturally help me to do so.
643. If I now become ashamed of this incident, I am ashamed of thewhole thing: of the words, of the poisonous tone, and so on.
644. “I’m not ashamed of what I did then, but of the intention whichI had.” a And didn’t the intention lie also in what I did? What justiﬁesthe shame? The whole background of the incident.
645. “For a moment I was going to . . .” That is, I had a particularfeeling, an inner experience; and I remember it. —– And now rememberquite precisely! Then the ‘inner experience’ of intending seems to vanishagain. Instead, one remembers thoughts, feelings, movements and alsoconnections with earlier situations.It is as if one had altered the adjustment of a microscope: one didnot see before what is now in focus.
646. “Well, that only shows that you have adjusted your microscopewrongly. You were supposed to examine a particular slice of the pre-paration, and now you are looking at a different one.”There is something right about this. But suppose that (with a certainadjustment of the lenses) I did remember a particular sensation; what allows me to say that it is what I call the “intention”? It mightbe that (for example) a particular tickle accompanied every one of myintentions.
647. What is the natural expression of an intention? a Look at a catwhen it stalks a bird; or a beast when it wants to escape.( (Connection with propositions about sensations.) )
648. “I no longer remember the words I used, but I remember my inten-tion precisely; I wanted my words to calm him down.” What does mymemory show me; what does it bring before my mind? Suppose it did|166| nothing but suggest those words to me! a and perhaps others whichﬁll out the picture still more exactly. a (“I don’t remember my wordsany more, but I certainly remember their spirit.”)
649. “So if someone has not learned a language, is he unable to havecertain memories?” Of course a he cannot have linguistic memories,linguistic wishes or fears, and so on. And memories and suchlike in lan-guage are not mere threadbare representations of the real experiences;for is what is linguistic not an experience?
650. We say a dog is afraid his master will beat him; but not: he isafraid his master will beat him tomorrow. Why not?
651. “I remember that I would have been glad then to stay stilllonger.” a What picture of this desire comes before my mind? None atall. What I see in my memory allows no conclusion as to my feelings.And yet I remember quite clearly that they were there.
652. “He sized him up with a hostile glance and said . . .” The readerof the story understands this; he has no doubt in his mind. Now yousay: “Very well, he supplies the meaning, he guesses it.” a Generallyspeaking, no. Generally speaking, he supplies nothing, guesses nothing.a But it is also possible that the hostile glance and the words later proveto have been pretence, or that the reader is kept in doubt whether theyare so or not, and so that he really does guess at a possible interpre-tation. a But then the main thing he guesses is a context. He says tohimself, for example: the two men affecting such hostility here are inreality friends, and so forth.( (“If you want to understand the sentence, you have to imagine thepsychological signiﬁcance, the states of mind involved.”) )
653. Imagine this case: I tell someone that I walked a certain route, goingby a map which I had prepared beforehand. Thereupon I show him themap, and it consists of lines on a piece of paper; but I cannot explainhow these lines come to be a map of my route, I cannot tell him anyrule for interpreting the map. Yet I did follow the drawing with all thecharacteristic tokens of reading a map. I might call such a drawing a‘private’ map; or the phenomenon that I have described, “following aprivate map”. (But this expression would, of course, be very easy tomisunderstand.)Could I now say: “I read off my having then meant to do such-and-|167| such, as if from a map, although there is no map”? That, however, means nothing but: I am now inclined to say “I read the intention of acting thus in certain states of mind which I remember”.
654. Our mistake is to look for an explanation where we ought to regardthe facts as ‘proto-phenomena’. That is, where we ought to say: this isthe language-game that is being played.
655. The point is not to explain a language-game by means of our expe-riences, but to take account of a language-game.
656. What is the purpose of telling someone that previously I had such-and-such a wish? a Regard the language-game as the primary thing.And regard the feelings, and so forth, as a way of looking at, inter-preting, the language-game!One might ask: how did human beings ever come to make the kindof linguistic utterance which we call “reporting a past wish” or “a pastintention”?
657. Suppose this sort of utterance always took the form “I said to myself,‘if only I could stay longer!’ ” The purpose of such a report might beto acquaint someone with my reactions. (Compare the grammar of“mean” and “vouloir dire”.)
658. Suppose we always expressed the fact that a man had an inten-tion by saying “He as it were said to himself ‘I will . . .’ ” a That is thepicture. And now I want to know: how does one employ the expres-sion “as it were to say something to oneself”? For it doesn’t mean: tosay something to oneself.
659. Why do I want to tell him about an intention too, over and abovetelling him what I did? a Not because the intention too was somethinggoing on at that time. But because I want to tell him something aboutmyself, which goes beyond what happened at that time.I reveal to him something of myself when I tell him what I was goingto do. a Not, however, on grounds of self-observation, but by way ofa reaction (it might also be called an intuition).
660. The grammar of the expression “I was then going to say . . .” isrelated to that of the expression “I could then have gone on”.In the one case I remember an intention, in the other I rememberhaving understood. |168|
661. I remember having meant him. Am I remembering a process or astate? a When did it begin, how did it continue; and so on?
662. In an only slightly different situation, instead of silently beckon-ing, he would have said to someone “Tell N. to come to me”. One maynow say that the words “I wanted N. to come to me” describe the stateof my mind at that time; and again one may not say so.
663. If I say “I meant him”, a picture might come to my mind, per-haps of how I looked at him, and so forth; but the picture is only likean illustration to a story. From it alone, it would mostly be impossibleto infer anything at all; only when one knows the story, does one knowwhat the picture is for.
664. In the use of words, one might distinguish ‘surface grammar’ from‘depth grammar’. What immediately impresses itself upon us about theuse of a word is the way it is used in the sentence structure, the partof its use a one might say a that can be taken in by the ear. —– Andnow compare the depth grammar, say of the verb “to mean”, with whatits surface grammar would lead us to presume. No wonder one ﬁndsit difﬁcult to know one’s way about.
665. Imagine someone pointing to his cheek with a grimace of pain andsaying “abracadabra!” a We ask, “What do you mean?” And heanswers, “I meant toothache.” a You at once think to yourself: howcan one ‘mean toothache’ by that word? Or, what did to mean pain bythat word amount to? And yet, in a different context, you would haveasserted that the mental activity of meaning such-and-such was just whatwas most important in using language.But how come? a can’t I say “By ‘abracadabra’, I mean toothache”?Of course I can; but this is a deﬁnition, not a description of what goeson in me when I utter the word.
666. Imagine that you were in pain and were simultaneously hearing apiano being tuned in the next room. You say “It’ll soon stop”. It surelymakes quite a difference whether you mean the pain or the piano-tuning! a Of course; but what does this difference consist in? I admit,in many cases some direction of attention will correspond to your meaning one thing or another, just as a look often does, or a gesture,or a way of shutting one’s eyes which might be called “looking intooneself”. |169|
667. Imagine someone simulating pain, and then saying “It’ll get bet-ter soon”. Can’t one say that he means the pain even though he is notconcentrating his attention on any pain? a And what about when I ﬁnallysay “It’s stopped now”?
668. But can’t one also lie in this way: one says “It’ll stop soon”, and means pain a but when asked “What did you mean?”, oneanswers “The noise in the next room”? In this sort of case, one per-haps says: “I was going to answer . . . , but thought better of it andanswered . . .”
669. When speaking, one can refer to an object by pointing at it. Herepointing is a part of the language-game. And now it seems to us as ifone spoke of a sensation by directing one’s attention to it. But whereis the analogy? It evidently lies in the fact that one can point at a thingby looking or listening.But in certain circumstances, even pointing at the object one is talking about may be quite inessential to the language-game, to one’sthought.
670. Imagine that you were telephoning someone, and you said to him,“This table is too tall”, and pointed at the table. What is the role ofpointing here? Can I say: I mean the table in question by pointing atit? What is this pointing for, or these words, or whatever else may accom-pany them?
671. And what do I point at by the inner activity of listening? At thesound that comes to my ears, and at the silence when I hear nothing?Listening, as it were, searches for an auditory impression, and so can’tpoint at it, but only at the place where it is searching for it.
672. If the receptive attitude is called a kind of ‘pointing’ at somethinga then it isn’t at the impression we get in that way.
673. A mental attitude doesn’t ‘accompany’ words in the sense inwhich a gesture accompanies them. (As a man can travel alone, andyet be accompanied by my good wishes; or as a room can be empty,and yet ﬂooded with light.)
674. Does one say, for example, “I didn’t really mean my pain just now;my mind wasn’t on it enough for that?” Do I ask myself, say, “Whatdid I mean by this word just now? My attention was divided betweenmy pain and the noise a”? |170|
675. “Tell me, what was going on in you when you uttered the words . . . ?” a The answer to this is not “I was meaning . . .”!
676. “I meant this by that word” is a statement which is used differ-ently from one about an affection of the mind.
677. On the other hand: “When you were swearing just now, did youreally mean it?” This amounts to something like: “Were you really angry?”a And the answer may be given on the basis of introspection, and isoften some such thing as “I didn’t mean it very seriously”, “I meant ithalf jokingly”, and so on. There are differences of degree here.And one does indeed also say, “I was half thinking of him when I said that”.
678. What does this meaning (the pain, or the piano-tuning) consist in?No answer comes a for the answers which at ﬁrst sight suggest them-selves are of no use. a “And yet at the time I meant the one thing andnot the other.” Yes a now you have only repeated with emphasis some-thing which no one has contradicted anyway.
679. “But can you doubt that you meant this?” a No; but neither canI be certain of it, know it.
680. When you tell me that you cursed and meant N. as you did so, itis all one to me whether you looked at a picture of him, or imaginedhim, uttered his name, or whatever. The inferences from this fact thatinterest me have nothing to do with these things. On the other hand,someone might explain to me that cursing was effective only when one had a clear image of the man or spoke his name out loud. But onewouldn’t say, “It depends on how the man who is cursing means hisvictim”.
681. Nor, of course, does one ask: “Are you sure that you cursed him,that the link with him was established?”Then this link is presumably very easy to establish, if one can be sosure of it, can know that it doesn’t miss its target! a Well, can it hap-pen to me that I intend to write to one person and in fact write to another?And how might that occur?
682. “You said, ‘It’ll stop soon’. a Were you thinking of the noise orof your pain?” If he answers, “I was thinking of the piano-tuning” ais he stating that the link existed, or is he making it by means |171| ofthese words? a Can’t I say both? If what he said was true, didn’t thelink exist a and is he not for all that making one which did not exist?
683. I draw a head. You ask, “Whom is that supposed to represent?”a I: “It’s supposed to be N.” a You: “But it doesn’t look like him; if anything, it’s rather like M.” a When I said it represented N., wasI making a connection, or reporting one? And what connection was there?
684. What is there in favour of saying that my words describe an exist-ing connection? Well, they refer to various things which didn’t mater-ialize only with the words; they say, for example, that I would have givena particular answer then, if I had been asked. And even if this is onlyconditional, still it does say something about the past.
685. “Look for A” does not mean “Look for B”; but I may do just thesame thing in obeying the two orders.To say that something different must happen in the two cases wouldbe like saying that the sentences “Today is my birthday” and “My birth-day is on April 26th” must refer to different days, because their senseis not the same.
686. “Of course I meant B; I didn’t think of A at all!”“I wanted B to come to me, so as to . . .” a All this points to a widercontext.
687. Instead of “I meant him”, one can, of course, sometimes say, “Ithought of him”; sometimes even “Yes, we were speaking of him”. So,ask yourself what ‘speaking of him’ consists in!
688. In certain circumstances, one can say, “As I was speaking, I felt Iwas saying it to you”. But I wouldn’t say this if I were in any case talk-ing with you.
689. “I am thinking of N.” “I am speaking of N.”How do I speak of him? I say, for instance, “I must go and see N.today” —– But surely that is not enough! After all, when I say “N.”,I might mean various people of this name. a “Then there must surelybe a further link between my words and N., for otherwise I would stillnot have meant him.”Certainly such a link exists. Only not as you imagine it: namely, bymeans of a mental mechanism.(One compares “meaning him” with “aiming at him”.) |172|
690. What if I at one time make an apparently innocent remark andaccompany it with a furtive sidelong glance at someone; and at anothertime, looking straight ahead, speak openly of somebody present, men-tioning his name a am I really thinking specially about him when I usehis name?
691. When I make myself a sketch of N.’s face from memory, I can surelybe said to mean him by my drawing. But which of the processes takingplace while I draw (or before or afterwards) could I say is meaning him?For one would, of course, like to say: when he meant him, he aimedat him. But how does someone do that, when he calls the other per-son’s face to mind?I mean, how does he call him to mind?How does he call him?
692. Is it correct for someone to say: “When I gave you this rule, I meantthat in this case you should . . .”? Even if he did not think of this caseat all as he gave the rule? Of course it is correct. For “to mean it” justdid not mean: to think of it. But now the question is: How are we tojudge whether someone meant such-and-such? a That he has, forexample, mastered a particular technique in arithmetic and algebra, andtaught someone else the expansion of a series in the usual way, is sucha criterion.
693. “When I teach someone the construction of the series . . . , Isurely mean him to write . . . at the hundredth place.” a Quite right;you mean it. And evidently without necessarily even thinking of it. Thisshows you how different the grammar of the verb “to mean something”is from that of the verb “to think”. And nothing is more wrong-headedthan to call meaning something a mental activity! Unless, that is, oneis setting out to produce confusion. (Similarly, one might speak of anactivity of butter when it rises in price; and if no problems are pro-duced by this, it is harmless.) |173|